but uh...
i don't know if we just have a bad lawyer
i don't know that means being that made me think of you know because
if you can get this thing just
to go away drop whatever you can save us some money with his lawyer
in the in the energy
misery
i don't like lawyers
uh...
i don't know why if that makes you feel any better
it doesn't deal with the fair amount of them unfortunately
yeah it's no fun
i hear you man
uh... i am looking into a couple things uh...
so uh... to answer your question uh... you said you wanted to talk to uh... your lawyer mike
yeah what uh...
what would it be that you'd want to tell them
well i think it would be great to
tell him that uh...
like he says that basically what we decided after speaking with you is that uh...
and you know what i fucked up after so all my life i thought erroneous meant
uh... arbitrary
i guess erroneous means wrong and accurate
so uh... so sabba's uh... this woman's testimony this ridiculous thing she
put together
uh... it's very bizarre as everyone is said including the judge
uh... you there
yeah
oh no can you hear me now
how about this
uh... about the sabba's erroneous uh... report
right right she's saying that now the erroneous uh... the fbis uh... report was
erroneous
this is what he said and he we need so he needs uh... tim and jammy
and you since you spoke to uh...
you know tim and jammy could i guess verify or vouch
uh... is you are not the guy
uh... you did not speak to sabba
and uh...
this is a little bit maybe
i'm not sure it's my connection or
i don't know
mine i'm driving so
oh you're driving
uh... you were saying tim and jammy's
yes so tim so as we figured out last night uh... tim never spoke to sabba
okay
so she wrote and she wrote down that she directly spoke to tim
uh...
so that's a problem that's erroneous and that's it
that's it
i don't know if she did or not
i don't know if she talked to tim
i know that i've never talked to him
that you never... right you're the one that
right this is as long as you tell him you never speak spoke to any of these
people that'd be great
uh... maybe ask him what you could
if there's what does he need what could he do to help to have this go away now
uh... and suss him out and he spoke with more lawyers and i probably have
this guy want money is this guy trying to drag this thing out to get more money
or is he uh...
a good lawyer i don't know what do you think
uh... and then also like he's trying to call jim and timmy to get them to say
we never spoke with sabba this is uh... someone made this shit up
and had he done that i think this morning and jim and timmy had picked up the
phone
i don't think there'd be a case
let me see this
remember what we talked about at first was that we need to keep
specifically my involvement
and i haven't told anybody
and i didn't think you would but the thing is if i tell your lawyer
your lawyer is also under no obligation to
not put my name everywhere and put in court documents that are publicly available
and things like that
so that's what we have to be careful on how we want to address it
uh... more than likely what i would do since he already talked to tim
i may have tim talked to him on my behalf or something like that or clarify
something
because tim's investigation is already
what it is and there's articles written about it and your guys or whatever right now
there's nothing
covert about what tim's doing
if i call him and i say hey
my name is david and i've never talked to this lady sabba and he's gonna be like
well who the hell are you
i'll say well i'm the agent of houston and like well why is he talking, why are you talking about?
and then he's like well you know
it leads down a lot of
of course
we don't want to go down
i'm just going off the plateau we hit last night when he said give me the
lawyer's number and perhaps you could call him if you come up with an idea so i thought
this would be a good chance
uh... i never got the lawyer's number
either i didn't write it down but usually if he tells me i write it maybe i said it and
he kind of like
oh no i never got it
i texted it to you
did you not receive the text yeah
oh no
let me take my text
i just picked my notes but i didn't see it
but uh... i'll double check my text again
yeah that would be a big problem if you're not getting these texts then they're going
to somebody else and that's not good i've got you
right here i'm talking to you now
and i've texted it to
uh... let me just double check
two eight one
two eight one four one four six two three three
yeah that's it
okay good
and by the way the uh...
congratulations on congressional medal of bravery that's amazing
it's very amazing
yeah unfortunately that's all out there yeah i know
pretty cool though man pretty cool
i felt a lot more confident when i read that
very good
top marks for you
that was something that we didn't really deserve to get we're just doing our job and there's
lots of other people who did
a lot more than i did i'll tell you that right now
yeah well said
good answer
good answer
um but yeah okay
yeah please let me know
yeah i'll double check some stuff i'm still doing some things so
like i said what
i'll probably come up with is
i'll have to find out what it is that we need to do to resolve the court situation
which unfortunately is not an easy list
just for my, i don't know, the day of
digging around and trying to figure things out
uh... it's not going to be something that's going to be resolved overnight
i know
i can only be honest with you
right i can't promise you the world if i can't give it to you
sure and i appreciate that
and uh... so right now i'm looking at things trying to figure out what
uh... what our best
get so to speak
uh...
did you know
did you know there's no due process in this court system this this dependency
court in this dcv
yeah it's a civil process which is different than a criminal process
uh... so criminal processes you know
it's beyond a reasonable doubt and that's the standard for conviction
civil court cases it's uh...
preponderance of the evidence i believe so
well but there was no evidence
you can go now you can actually go in with pure hearsay and this is what the
lawyer just just prove to us pure hearsay the neighbors can go say yes uh...
you know uh... these guys are these guys are shaving chipmunks every you know
that's what they do they shave chipmunks and they sell the hair
and then there's no proof for evidence but they have to accept that as fact
the judge has to accept it as fact
or as true
i don't think
well i don't think they have to accept it as fact but
the standard for evidence is a lot looser i know what you mean
in other words it just doesn't have to believe that that's true because obviously
you've got all sorts like
unfortunately like i said i've dealt with this before
you know crazy ex-spouses claim all sorts of stupid shit
and
luckily for the most part
uh... we can kind of cut through some of the bullshit
but
but what we'll talk about on wednesday is just trying to figure out if there's
you know anything else that we should know about
you know when we go and talk to them because
i don't want to look like a chapped ass if
you know
if we put a neck out on the line and say hey
you know
this is this is we know that valk
guy and he's not a serial killer and turns out you know okay i got
10 chopped up kids in the back truck you know
yeah yeah i got you
of course yeah
so uh but that's why on on wednesday we're gonna talk a little bit more
depth about that
about
what you can tell us because
you know the thing the other reason i uh is marina room right now
uh yes
okay
uh mary can you hear
hi yes i'm gonna have a sleep sorry she's half asleep though
it's been like we were up all night we're just about to go to bed now and
take a nap but
can you can you give me
i can go i'll go first you're right here hold on
i'll just give me a minute let me go outside
um
give it later uh mary
like the other side
okay hold on one second
oh the sunlight not good
oh man
okay let me take you out speaker to you um
uh how do i do that
uh speaker speaker
damn uh that's not a speaker
can you hear me are you on speaker you're still on speaker
i'm still here yeah i saw i don't know how to take out speaker now on the
stupid phone
oh i'll get there i'll get there okay well i just want to do this right
um don't want to risk anyone hearing me talk to you either
yeah of course
ah there we go okay here we go how's that
what you better yeah further okay
oh okay what
i'm sure sure well to be to be to be honest with you i
we talk about everything i mean i know she knows every every inch of my life
and i know every inch of her life and it becomes familiarity breeds contempt
as you know
so
yeah sure
you you're right and i should have told you sorry i should have told you that
and uh that's my bad that's my bad
yeah
that's what i figured yeah that's what i figured i'll have to give her a
different story though um i'm really bad at lying to her i can lie
really well to everyone else but not to her i so i have to figure out
half-truth
yeah
that'd be great
i was gonna even read my number as well okay
sure that's great that's very polite yes let's do that
that's a good idea
understood completely yes
okay
yeah well
september 29th is the next hearing um there's gonna be an
investigator assigned to our case and he's gonna investigate us
um they've already spoken with M-[Redacted] and M-[Redacted]e loves me and he keeps telling
him how much they love me so that's the good news and then to steve chagrin he
does not like to hear that at all um but it's really nice it was really nice
to hear the psychiatrist say M-[Redacted] just loves val
um so that's really good and then and there's uh uh what else is there
so the so the judge i can't see or talk to M-[Redacted] until
i get special permission from the judge or the hearing that's pissing me off
that's like horrible and the thing that's five weeks from now
i'm not allowed to speak because of the allegations i'm not allowed to speak
to M-[Redacted] or even see him on the court well marie's allowed to see him three
times a week i can't even see him i can't even talk to him on the phone
i know i know it's not nice it's we're crying it was terrible it was just
terrible
and uh yeah she or he will deliver a report of some sort and uh the the report
will go to the judge and then the hearing will be based on that report the next
step yeah
okay
sure right
be great
yeah it is yeah it's exactly what they told what the our lawyer told the judge
and but the judge i was so frustrated to hear the judge has to take that
by law has to accept that report and that's and they must have known that shaba and the
others must have known that which is why they made it so severe i mean i do you still do you
mean to send i was i'm happy to send it to you but keep in mind it is ridiculous okay i just
worry i'm gonna be judged by this report that's why i'm afraid to show it to anyone because it's
so absurd um like like it's yeah it's it's yeah because you you seem like a clever guy
and you have that clever look on your face i saw in that photo and i said the mario
shit he's smart when i saw your photo i getting the metal and i saw versus well compared to the
other guys the other three guys and i said the mario shit this guy's smart
yeah no no no no i can tell you no i can tell you are sorry but i just want you so you can you
can read between the lines and you'll see that the you'll see i won't taint it for you by telling
you anything but you'll see for yourself um i'll send you that anything else you'd like me to send
you just let me know i have a surveillance tapes i have uh no sorry security camera tapes and i have
recordings of everybody so everything that i've refuted everything in there it's 90% of the
lives i can actually have documentary evidence to um to hand in which for some reason they would
not accept today but uh yeah so i'll send you that if you need to need as well
okay
perfect yeah
yeah no
right
exactly
yeah
wonderful
great great yeah i got pro-time mail to you sounds good
guys turn out the windblower okay i can go back in now oh okay i just kind of go back inside now
okay okay um no that's all i can think of at this moment i just uh i just uh no i'm sure if i think
of uh come up with something i'll let you know though yeah and same for you yeah
okay sure
right right
thank you
thank you
thank you i hope so yeah i certainly hope so and uh yeah let me know uh do i need to bring any
special uh materials anything you need for me computer anything okay data okay
sure okay
yep tell me don't worry about my feelings or anything you got it you don't have to worry about that
okay don't worry i don't want you thinking like oh baby's are full fast one of you i think
uh i didn't know i know i know i know i did have a paranoid thought last night i was like whoa
okay this is all set up because val talks too much and how are we going to keep val quiet and
work for us at the same time let's get M-[Redacted] in trouble let's have M-[Redacted]e's uh thing at stake
and then we'll have val come in and then he will shut up he won't talk to anybody and he'll do what
we say but that was just a paranoid thought but of course i have to have it just rule it out
but i don't believe that's what's happening so don't worry don't worry about it but you know
i mean like i have to go i have to go through the whole gambit of possibilities after you know
when you're going through something like this yeah
excellent sure
because i want you to make like you're going to help us and we're going to help you on what
you'd interest me as much as i'm going to trust you uh because we don't trust each other
this whole thing goes to you goes to shit because you think i'm in your phones or doing something
yeah i know and i'm not i'm oh Jesus i'm not that paranoid although i i should
oh okay yeah i do i do
because that's the question and trust me they're like i know you've read all the like you know
the like dude i know there's no way i just marry you know i'm really i'm really
no no i i'm not i understand
you know what i'm going to say well we'll iron out all the details
get through all the questions you have and we'll be able to also get started and i'll
make kind of creative plans for what we want to do for you uh to make sure that the investigator
knows everything that he needs to know and make sure you know nothing weird comes up
okay perfect yeah that's great absolutely let's do it all right man i'm looking forward to it
yep okay thank you rick divan okay bye
