Okay, can you hear me? David?
It's your station name?
Hello.
I think we're all good.
A little louder?
I don't want it louder.
Okay.
Uh, January 26th, 2019.
That is today.
Five years since your death, Seth.
Yeah.
How are you feeling?
Uh, shitty.
It's a terrible day, of course.
So...
How about you?
What is it that you ever experienced?
I don't know.
I don't know what's been on your brain.
Five years.
Do you, like, think about the five years?
Like, these annual anniversaries are the most important days to you?
Of course.
Of course, I dread them.
I don't like this day.
It's a terrible day.
It's not only because my dad's death,
and I have to think about it all over again,
because I know there's no one I can call or talk to.
My sisters and my family are all doing something.
And they are, uh, you know, I'm excluded from all that.
So I usually just go out and try and take my mind off of it various ways.
Like, tonight we have a party scheduled.
So...
Yes.
I remember on the first anniversary,
uh, Andrew did something nice.
He didn't know that his screening for the Jinx was on the 26th.
I mean, he didn't know the significance of the 26th,
so he invited me to his screening.
And I was during the Sony hack,
and that was why I flew from San Francisco to LA to do that.
Just take my mind off of it.
The next year, 2015, was pretty miserable.
Um, I spent that at this...
Uh, sorry, 2016 was pretty shitty,
because I spent that in some hotel room in New York.
Pretty high.
Um, 2017, that was when I met Glenn on that day.
And then in 2018, I was, I think, a hibernation point for most of January last year.
And then here we are today.
But around that same time is when we contact each other again to do this project.
So that was something that always kind of happens around then.
Um, you were around.
You came out...
I came out, I think it was like a week or two later last year.
What was it?
I think it was early February, yeah.
Yeah, I don't think, I think it was late January.
But we'll...
Maybe, it definitely wasn't the 26th,
because I think I would have remembered that.
But I think it was around the 26th when you called and said something about the book.
No, that was a bit later.
Um...
Okay.
Anyway...
Yeah, it's just miserable time.
I mean, what do you want?
I'm just...
Yeah, no, you mentioned it all.
It's a reminder, I haven't solved the mystery as well.
I haven't figured out what happened.
Um...
Well, thank you for spending the day with me.
Thank you for flying out here to, to force it into me that this is definitely the day
my dad killed himself and wanted to be here and get this on camera for whatever you have
planned for this.
It's very, very kind of you.
I want to come out to see you.
How about January 26th, pal?
What do you think about that day?
I mean, it's kind of fun.
But it's not, but it's fun.
Yeah, I like your smirk.
Don't worry.
Don't forget about the camera, dude.
I'm just...
You and I here.
We're here, buddy.
Let's try and pretend that there's no camera.
Although it's impossible to do so at some level.
But if we don't like this, we can delete it.
Let me try again.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure, man.
There's...
Let me go get the computer.
Okay.
Do you want any more coffee?
No.
Okay.
No?
Let me find out when you came last time.
I'm pretty sure it was in January.
It was in January.
Dude, I'm Rick 2017.
Enrich.
Enrich, sorry, 2018.
I call you by your German proper pronunciation.
I still say Mueller instead of Muller as well.
January 18th, you came out...
February 1st.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, you came out actually around after my birthday.
Between the 26th and the 14th.
I sent you this on the 25th.
The thugs.
Why am I...
Why is this doing this?
And yes.
And then I sent you my dad's note to me on the 25th of last year.
So that was after you came.
I don't think so.
Do you remember this?
For some reason, my...
Just doing this weird thing with the emails where they're stacking them up, cancel.
Yeah, on the 25th of January, I sent you my dad's note to me.
Yeah, but I think that was before I came out here.
Sure.
No, I'm not sure.
It doesn't really matter.
Okay.
Well, just for my sense of memory.
All right, should we get going there?
Sorry?
Yeah.
Okay, so picking up basically where we left off.
Which was, what was the last thing we did?
Yesterday.
So you were in Maine at Sydney's Place and you recorded music.
You recorded.
Yeah, Sydney's got this great place, like a lair.
It's not even an apartment.
It's like this beautiful penthouse with the stairs going up to the...
It's like an evil James Bond villain lair.
It's incredible.
And the great sound, great acoustics in there.
But yeah, and Sydney was a sort of sweetheart, but she really was very, very kind.
So she let me stay there and she wasn't there.
Okay, so at this point you've gotten into your mom's emails.
Yeah.
And you've started, like, piecing stuff together.
Yeah.
And it, so one of the things you find in there are all these email chains involving the
coroner's inquest.
Right.
And your dad's death.
And this is pretty important.
I'm not sure if you recognize how important it was at the time, but it's...
Yeah.
So we find a few things.
One is that we can see in there all of the, like, what the first doctor prescribed.
And we can also see...
Is it the way they're in?
I don't know.
There's sleeping pills or Xanax.
Right.
There's...
And he also refers him to the psychologist, Dr. Mitchell.
And so the coroner said, or the coroner asks both the, like, the physician and the psychologist
what lay about his state of mind.
And so we've got that he explained.
He was being investigated by the U.S. and the European courts.
He was extremely anxious.
We've got...
So that's from Moore.
But it's really Mitchell that is, in a lot of ways, more interesting.
So it recounts how, what he had talked about when he visited and mentioned his career,
his problems, his anxieties, his love for his two daughters.
And that, quote, he was suffering from high levels of anxiety related to investigations
into the LIBOR allegations by the U.S. and the U authorities.
He was catastrophizing, imagining worst case outcomes, including prosecution,
loss of his wealth, and reputation.
Allen Cloats.
So that, yeah, he still wants Allen Cloats at his party.
Oh, yeah, no, but he still wants Allen Cloats at his party.
Oh, despite LIBOR?
Despite LIBOR.
Yeah, okay, let's, yeah.
So he's catastrophizing, imagining worst case outcomes, including prosecution,
loss of his wealth, and reputation, he's sleeping badly.
And again, this is still quoted from the letter.
He's constantly preoccupied by those concerns.
His self-esteem and normal resilience have been greatly undermined as being named a person of interest
in the LIBOR case and in the EU investigation.
Okay.
And then as he leaves Mitchell, Dr. Mitchell gives him his cell phone and asks him to call
and office, then calls, bills, several times that fall, try to submit an appointment,
and he never calls back.
So, okay.
There's a couple ways to look at it.
If you look at it, face value, it can mean exactly that, right?
Now, if you know my father, he wasn't one for psychiatrists.
He didn't go see psychiatrists.
It wasn't his thing.
He didn't go to therapy.
He was not a therapy type person.
Yep.
Very rarely he would go.
And if he did, it was for a purpose.
And that would be, in my own humble opinion, is to get Xanax, to get drugs.
Because he probably has some anxiety.
This is a psychologist, not a psychiatrist.
Yes.
This isn't the one the physician prescribed the drugs.
This is not someone who would prescribe drugs.
This is not a prescriber.
This is a psychologist.
So Mitchell is not the prescriber.
Moore is the prescriber.
Yeah.
Mitchell is a psychologist, so not someone who would prescribe anything.
Okay.
Well, then maybe take it at face value.
I just don't understand why he would go and see this guy once or twice.
I mean, without.
But sometimes you need to see a psychiatrist to get to the prescriber.
Right.
But this isn't a psychiatrist.
So I'm sorry.
Sometimes you need to see a therapist to get to the physician.
No.
So Moore prescribes, Moore is the physician.
Sure.
And prescribes a bunch of stuff.
Okay.
And then refers him to a psychologist to kind of talk through his problems.
Okay.
And, which he does.
Once.
Yeah.
Once.
Once.
Yeah.
That's it.
Yeah.
So he goes to the doctor, gets the medications, the doctor says,
give you the medications on contingency that you go to the physician.
No, we have no reason to think it was a contingency.
I don't understand what the issue is here.
Are you, you feel like.
I don't see my dad going into a therapist once and laying all this upon this guy for.
You think he just made it up?
No, I don't think he made it up.
I think he uses a tool for something else, which I suspect was to get sanics, but you're
telling me this is not the prescriber.
So perhaps the doctor said on contingency of seeing the therapist, I will give you these
drugs.
If you talk to someone else.
Why is it so hard to believe that maybe he just wanted someone to talk to him?
Because he would have gone back or he would have continued this relationship.
I mean, he has, I could see him.
There's like, I don't, I don't negate that position that you're taking him.
Yes.
Of course, it's good to have someone to talk to and the rest of the families are all
psychiatrist anyway, but he never did.
But why go in for one day just to say this shit and then not come back?
I don't know.
If he found it there, maybe he just didn't find a therapy at all.
Maybe he tried and thought it was ridiculous or maybe he heard himself say this stuff out
loud and thought, oh my God, I am catastrophizing.
This is ridiculous.
Well, except that we know that a few months later he kills himself.
So it's not, I think we can probably stipulate that your dad was like really hurt inside.
And I mean, I don't take any original discount.
No, I don't.
Like he said, he's a psychologist.
I don't want to discount it.
I just don't think it's a smoking gun.
Um, okay.
Well, do you know what I mean?
Yeah, I definitely know what you mean.
I mean, I don't know about a smoking gun, but it's like.
If you've been treating this therapist for a year and this is the therapist, the summation
of his condition, then yes, okay, that could be more of a smoking gun.
But if he goes in one time and says this shit.
I don't know, man.
This isn't a diagnosis.
Come down with another guy for sanics at the same time and get some drugs.
I mean, who knows?
Yeah, but this isn't, he's not like diagnosing your dad and saying your dad was depressed
or your dad was, had an anxiety disorder.
He's saying that your dad.
Because he can't diagnose.
He's not.
Right, no.
He's not a psychiatrist.
He cannot.
So he can only write.
No, no, no.
I think this is his way of diagnosing without saying this is what I think.
Psychologists can make diagnoses.
They just can't prescribe drugs.
I also think this guy with psychology thinks he's like a therapist.
No, he's a psychologist.
He's a doctor.
He's with a doctor?
Yes.
Okay.
He has a PsyD, as they would call it in America, which is a doctorate in psychology.
Okay.
He's a doctor.
Okay.
He's, look, but he's not trying to do a diagnosis.
He only met the guy once.
That's why I'm insisting to this.
But he's explaining literally what your dad said to him.
No, but that's the disconnect, David, because we know that there was absolutely no reason
for him to be culpable any of these in Liber or in Forex trading or any of the scams that
Deutsche Bank was running.
We know that this was a paradox that he had, fear of being culpable, but knowing he was
not culpable.
That's by definition what the test refers to.
Okay.
I mean, and again, it's not.
No one else said this.
No, it's not true.
Who else said it?
The doctor said the physician.
No.
I mean, none of his friends.
We'll get there, because yes, they do.
They do?
Yeah.
Okay.
And look, we've already gone over this yesterday, but the Martin Loat had a very similar type.
I mean, it wasn't about this specifically, but it was, and that's even closer.
That's in December 2013.
It's just a month before your dad dies.
So we know that from a number of sources at this point, we know from the physician, we
know from the psychologist, we know from Martin Loat, and we know from the Paul Weiss lawyers
who visited, remember who visited in London and sensed that he was really upset and terrified
about this investigation.
So around the phone call in the airport.
Right, exactly.
So I mean, we have a pretty, that's four independent data sources that we now have that show that
one's leading up to his death.
I just don't know if that equates to suicide.
I mean, I, there's, my dad was 50.
58.
57, actually.
He turned 58.
Yeah.
He turned 58.
Yeah.
He turned 58.
Yeah.
So.
No, okay.
Sorry.
But my point is, he has been through this before.
He's been in these positions of stress.
This is what he chose for his life, his work to be in his stressful positions, because
he managed it very well.
He's a risk fucking manager.
He could just substitute the word stress for risk.
Right.
That's what he did.
So I mean, I don't see.
That is one of the things I find interesting.
Well, but we know he did commit suicide.
So it's, there's, but there's a possibility of false equivalency.
What do you mean?
He just says, you know, I don't equivocate, equivocate that to suicide.
He said, but we know he did commit suicide.
Right.
You're right.
That doesn't automatically mean that that's what caused it.
But there's, let's keep going.
I understand.
You know what I mean?
I do.
I've been resisting to this since 2014.
I know you have.
And that's really interesting to me because there's, I mean, look, just to be like personal
about this, like I come from a family.
My mom's a psychologist.
Like, you know, I've seen therapists over the years.
I, to me, that's not, there's no like stigma in my brain about people who need help because
they're going through a struggle.
They're struggling.
Like sometimes it's an illness.
Sometimes it's just like a tough time to go through.
There's overwhelming evidence here that your dad was going through a really tough time
and that he was what he was like communicating to the people around him was that the, a lot,
maybe not all of the toughness, but a lot of it was because he was really anxious about
stuff that was going on at work.
And I mean, again, that's really clear.
I mean, yes, I don't disregard that.
I don't disregard that.
And I accept that.
Holy, but I just don't, I just, there's something that has to cross the line to suicide.
Clearly.
I don't see that yet.
Okay.
So, okay, well, let's keep going.
I mean, I think your theory is that it's just compounds and compounds and compounds and
at some point there's a line that crosses or something breaks and then the suicide.
And then you lead the path to suicide.
I just don't see the breaking point yet.
I haven't found it.
I mean, maybe it's the work stuff compounding with family stuff.
You know, maybe, because my mom, of course, is not the easiest person to deal with either.
I think you're thinking about this.
I don't look too literal away.
Or, you know, I'm not the easiest person to deal with.
You know, my sister, there could be a bunch of shit compounded, but I just don't see the
line.
I don't see where it broke.
And if you're bringing up in August of 2013, he's asking Scott Mitchell about estate planning.
I mean, you're alluding to the fact that he's already considering suicide at this point.
I don't know about that.
Why are you bringing it up?
I didn't bring it up.
You're dead.
You brought it up in the book.
Why else did you put it into the book?
Because it seems relevant.
It seems relevant.
It seems relevant.
Right.
Because you are alluding to the fact that he's considering ending his life by this point in
time.
He's thinking about his demise.
I don't think he's necessary.
I mean, I don't know what is going on.
I said, all I know, I unfortunately never met your dad.
And there's, so all I can do is look at the available evidence that people have talked
to and the documentary evidence that you've compiled and shared with me.
Anyway, so let's keep, I understand what you're saying.
That's fine.
We don't need to go into resolution numbers.
Okay.
So, okay.
To me actually, obviously it's very interesting that the glimpse of a right into your dad's
state of mind.
But what's more interesting to me, where I was kind of heading with this, is that it's
Deutsche Bank's efforts to cover up what actually happened.
Okay.
So the coroner schedules this inquest for March 25th.
Okay.
A few days beforehand, she informs the bank and its lawyers and the lawyers that the bank
has hired for your family.
And she says how she's going to conduct the hearing.
And among other things, she's going to read aloud portions of the doctor's letters to
both the physician and-
And you were there this year?
No, I wasn't at the coroner's.
Oh, Jenny was there?
No, I can't remember who was there.
But it doesn't matter.
This is all coming from documents that you've showed me.
Okay.
So we know that she is planning to read aloud portions of these letters about the include,
that are primarily about the anxiety of your dad's suffering.
Oh, right.
Relate to the government.
There was a controversy because he said the coroner revealed the history of depression
in the family.
Yeah, but that's, again, that's not really what I'm interested in.
What I'm interested in, I'll tell you.
So noon on March 24th, so this is the day before the hearing that's supposed to occur, someone
in the coroner's office, her name is Fiona Wilkner, someone in her office calls one of the lawyers
that the bank has hired, informs the lawyer that there will be no reference whatsoever
to Bill being under investigation.
That's a quote.
Say that one more time.
There will be, quote, no reference whatsoever to Bill being under investigation.
Okay.
So that night, March 24th, Wilcox, who's a coroner, she spends the evening looking at
the files, going over the inquest files, and she concludes that her obligation is to the
truth and not to the bank and not to the family, and that therefore she needs to tell the court
everything that's known about the circumstances of his death.
And that includes the fact that he was very scared about these investigations.
And so the next morning, she arrives at the Royal Court of Justice, meets with the lawyers
for your family and for Deutsche Bank, and tells them that she is in fact going to be
quoted from the doctor's letters extensively.
Okay.
So the lawyers, and seems like they went kind of bananas and they protest that we had just
been told the opposite the previous day, and quote, she reminded, so one of the lawyers
there sums this up.
She says she, being the coroner, reminded me that by law she was under a duty to investigate
all deaths, fearlessly and without favor.
Ultimately, though, it seems that the lawyers kind of wore her down because she agrees
to a compromise.
And the compromise is that she's going to read the doctor's letters aloud in court,
but she's going to read a censored or modified edited version.
Right.
And so what the lawyers do-
The redacted one, I see.
Yeah, well, it's like weird.
They take a pink highlighter and they cross stuff out.
And so-
I see in both versions.
They're unredacted.
Absolutely in both versions.
So let me just go through how this looks to someone who hasn't been immersed in this.
So he told the psychologists they had been named as a person of interest.
That's cut.
Okay.
Where Mitchell had written that Bill, quote, imagined being investigated, being prosecuted,
losing his wealth in his reputation, those words get crossed out and they're replaced
with, he imagined, various issues.
Okay.
Moore's letter, so Moore's the physician.
It's described that Bill had, quote, was worried about going to prison or going to bankrupt
even though he knew he was innocent.
He kept on thinking back over all the thousands of emails he sent over the years.
He knew how lawyers can twist things around and was worried that they would take extract from
emails.
So that's a quote from Moore's letter.
That's all deleted and replaced with the following sentences.
Oh, okay.
Quote, he told me that he'd been extremely anxious.
He explained he was retiring in September.
So in other words, these fairly clear explanations about what had been going on inside or what
your dad had told the doctor and the psychologist or crossed out and it basically replaced with
this very sterile language that just says he was anxious.
As if the bank, as if the bank got in there with that pink highlighter.
The bank do get in there with the highlighter.
Yeah.
Those were lawyers hired by the bank.
To do that.
Well, I don't know.
She caved, she caved.
Yeah, she caved.
And so the...
I didn't know that.
I didn't know that the bank commissioned that pink highlighter.
Yes.
I didn't know that.
I mean, the lawyers are ostensibly, some of them are ostensibly working on your family's
behalf and they're paid for it by the bank.
Christian suit, saving.
What was that?
Suit.
Seven.
What about him though?
Once he's suing.
Because he was the lead lawyer at that time.
Yeah, but well, was he at that time?
I'm not sure he was at that.
I don't think he had...
Remember the memo?
No, but that's a year later.
Okay.
And we're going to get there, don't worry.
Okay.
But so to me, put this in bucket one, which is that this is pretty clear evidence of...
Yes.
Yes.
I mean, it really is.
They're taking this very clear language from two doctors who say this is what you got.
Yeah, I got it.
You're right.
I didn't know that they did that.
I thought that was something that the...
I thought they wanted to stay neutral, the corner, and like they didn't want to...
They just wanted...
The point was he killed himself and they were just trying to say he's dead and this is our
report, nothing to do with the reasons why they didn't want to get into that.
If you go through these emails that went back and forth, they explained in great detail exactly
how this went down.
I didn't know that.
Okay.
Yeah, show me that.
You forgot.
No, no.
Between the bank and Wilcox.
No, no, no.
It's not.
It's the memos that go back and forth that you fished out of your mom's files.
Oh, I thought you had something between the bank and Wilcox.
The lawyers are hired by the bank.
I know about communications between Wilcox and the bank.
We have reports that you showed me that show the lawyer.
I know those reports.
I mean something additional to that.
No, that's from there, man.
Oh, I know.
Okay.
So next, let's move on.
So why was your dad so worried about the live one investigation?
It is an obvious question, right?
He said this to both doctors and the bank obviously seems like it does not want that coming out
in the court.
So why?
Why was he so scared?
So this brings us to Mark Stein.
So you found in your dad's files an email from Mark Stein.
He's the lawyer at Simpson Thatcher, which is a very high price corporate law firm.
And you can tell that your father is pretty worried.
He keeps asking or at least on one or two occasions asks Stein what's going on with DOJ.
Stein replies total silence.
He's a slippery fuck.
That guy called me a few times.
Yeah, tell him.
I told you, remember?
I did not.
I called him a few times and I asked to talk to him.
I said, hello.
Very sorry to hear about your dad.
There was absolutely nothing going on with him.
He wasn't under any investigations.
When we called him in, it was just sort of like a cattle call.
You know, sometimes these regulators, they're calling thousands of bankers at a time.
They're looking for stuff.
And that's all that this was about.
And I said to him, excuse me, but I have fucking emails between you two saying, please send me this file
because it's important.
And then he stopped communicating.
And then he never calls me back.
Wait, no.
And then I call him again and I say, well, can we talk about Faisola and Mikaela Faisola?
And he says, yes, I'd love to talk about this.
Let's set up a date and time.
Phone tag for three fucking months.
No response.
Emails.
Yeah, he clearly did not want to talk to you.
So I think you already know this, but the reason your dad was involved in this live or investigation
is not that he had done anything.
He hadn't participated in any fraud or manipulation.
Chief risk guy.
No, it's that he missed something.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So back in 2009, Christian Bittar, who was a big live or trader.
I remember this from your book.
Yeah.
Well, I don't think this was actually in the book.
There's another Deutsche Bank guy, Gio Madoff.
Oh, no, I remember this from your search terms.
Yes.
Yes.
That's right.
So Bittar back in 2009 was due.
And Anshu Jain had agreed.
Wasn't he recently arrested?
He was recently sentenced to jail.
Sent to jail?
Yeah.
So he pleaded guilty to fraud.
So he, at the time, though, Anshu Jain had worked at a very lucrative contract for Christian Bittar.
This is, again, back 10 years ago.
He was the one from his desk when it was like 500 million?
Yeah.
They were making an absolute killing.
Anshu had agreed to a compensation arrangement where Bittar would basically take home a portion of his winnings.
And so he won a lot.
In part, Bittar's obviously was manipulating.
What's his percentage?
I don't know what the percentage was off the top of my head, but I do know what he was owed, roughly.
So he was due to get a bonus in the neighborhood of 50 or 60 or 70 million dollars.
Wow.
It's about 5%.
That was...
It was about 500 million, wasn't it?
Yeah, so that'd be 10%.
I think it probably was about 10%.
But I'm not certain about that.
In any case, that's a huge amount of money to just hand out to a trader.
And so there were a couple of reviews that were started internally into...
People were kind of dispatched to look at how he had made all that money.
So there's one review called a review by the Business Integrity Review Group, which was a loan employee at Deutsche
sent to go through Bittar's emails.
And Bittar's friend, or I think it was from Senegal.
So he's a native French speaker.
And the guy who was assigned to go through this doesn't even speak French, so they can't understand any of the communications.
But Anshu asked your dad to take a look as well.
And your dad did what's called a look-back.
And he's supposed to go in there and figure out if everything was above board,
and the profits were legitimate as opposed to being the result of fraud or manipulation or something like that.
And so your dad spent a couple of weeks going through all the financial data and interviewing traders on Bittar's team.
And his conclusion is a very narrowly crafted conclusion.
It was that Bittar and his traders had a plausible strategy to make money off of interest rates moving in very specific directions,
by very specific amounts.
And he stopped short of addressing the question of whether Bittar was manipulated live,
or he basically gave a blessing for this bonus to get paid for Bittar to be able to continue doing business.
And this turns in as a huge mistake in retrospect.
Bittar is engaged in what turns out to be a large, very lucrative criminal conspiracy.
And that's going to result in the bank paying billions of dollars in penalties.
And then people going to jail.
And the Justice Department at that point, so this is now in 2013,
so four years later, has started this, a number of investigations, including into Deutsche,
which was in the process of drawing a criminal charge against people.
And so there, your dad was under the impression he was a person of interest in this investigation.
And, you know, there's no reason to think he was going to have really good in trouble,
but could his reputation be severely damaged?
Could he have huge legal fees? That's not impossible.
So that is my understanding of why your dad was so worried about live war.
So why did he make this mistake?
Is there anybody, if you've spoken to anyone that said maybe he didn't look at all the documents,
did he have some sort of...
One theory I have, and we'll get to this later, is that,
and we know now what your dad wrote in his note to auction, right?
Oh, right.
He talks about carelessness, and sloppiness, and betraying his trust.
Betraying his trust, yeah.
And it, I don't know. I mean, it's, I don't know what those words mean,
but this is one possibility.
It seems like.
Okay.
Okay.
So, a year later, so this is now early 2015, a guy named Victor Rocco.
It's just a Deutsche Bank's office at 60 Wall Street.
And Rocco is someone who had been introduced to your mom a couple weeks after your dad's death.
And he's a lawyer. He's a former federal prosecutor, turned private lawyer.
And he is going there to have this meeting with Christian Seven and Simon Dodds,
who's another very senior lawyer at the bank, about this internal review that they had conducted
into the circumstances of your dad's death.
And it, again, you know this already, but there's, there turns out there's a very, like,
you know, kind of narrative explanation of what went on in that meeting.
Okay.
And it, and again, this is something you've shared with me, so you can know this already,
but Seven starts off by noting that he had been at the farewell lunch that Antje had hosted for Bill
back in November of 2013, and that Bill had seemed happy.
No signs of him being a guy who's going to kill himself in two months.
And then Seven and Dodds walk the lawyer, Rocco, through this review,
and they acknowledge that the LIBOR investigation might have caused him some heartburn,
and he might have had some legal exposure there.
We're talking about the memo.
Yes, this is the memo.
And then the guy breathes through this laundry list of other issues that Bill had been dealing with,
and there's DBTCA and the huge mess there.
They oddly assert that Bill, quote, was not responsible for DBTCA,
even though he was a member of the oversight board.
In which scam was this referring to?
The basket trades?
DBTCA?
Yeah.
Well, DBTCA, the biggest issue there was that the Federal Reserve was,
I mean, DBTCA was kind of a dumping ground for all these problems,
and so basket trades were there.
The Russian mirror trades, which have another separate investigation, are there.
The biggest concern, though, is that the financial data that DBTCA has produced into the Fed,
the New York Fed, is just like sloppy and wrong,
and the Fed, they're kind of pulling the wool over the regulator's eyes on the stress tests.
So there's a lot of problems there.
The review also looks at what impact, if any, Boffin's rejection of Bill for those promotions,
what effect those had on him, and the conclusion is that it didn't affect him at all.
It turns out, so the bank produces a report that is kind of summarizing conclusions,
and the report is very sensitive.
It's only shared with a few members of the bank's board of directors.
A number of board members complained to the bank's chairman that they were not allowed to see the report into the death,
and one of them told me that, quote, I was very suspicious.
And when Rocco goes there, he doesn't get to see it either.
He gets kind of a snippet of, he gets kind of a summary of what it found,
and the summary is that, quote, nothing that shows a direct link between Bill's death and his work at Deutsche Bank.
Of course you're going to say that.
And aren't you commissioned this?
Yeah.
You did?
Yeah.
And so one of the kind of things they used to validate, just kind of questionable premise,
is that seven notes that in the months since the internal review wrapped up,
Bill's name hadn't come up in public, connected to any of these investigations.
And, of course, that's not true, because he had been named publicly in the Senate report into the basket options.
And so Rocco notes, when he summarizes this meaning to your mom,
that this suggests the Deutsche Investigation, quote, was not as exhaustive,
not as dynamic as both Dodd and Seven had described it.
He notes that it, quote, it seemed carefully scripted,
and certainly both Simon and Christian were very careful in what they said to me.
Down played his involvement in a bunch of things,
and Simon, Seven and Dodd's, quote, could not explain the coroner's findings
or the medical records that established that Bill was fearful of civil liability
and perhaps even prosecution because of his work at the bank.
So now we've got, from my perspective, at least two data points that point to the bank really not being,
at best not being very transparent about what happened at worst, participating in a whitewash.
Yeah, I know you're right.
Yeah.
And then in the memo, they also randomly bring up
that they did not take these files from my father's computer.
Yeah, and I'm just not even addressing that in the book, honestly.
Like, there's...
Why?
Well, I'm addressing that they did take them.
But why not address the fact that they claim they did not?
I mean, that's very odd.
It is odd, right?
It is odd.
It is odd.
I agree.
I mean, is that not another data point for you?
Yeah, maybe it is.
Maybe it is.
Yeah.
I mean, we have witnesses that this guy came.
There's many...
No, I know.
And Beth...
It wasn't just me.
No, I know.
Dude, if it was just you, I probably wouldn't be trusting your memory at that point.
No, because you were just like, it was very traumatic for you.
Yes, it was traumatic.
Beth confirms it.
I remember Beth confirms it.
Michael Morandi, he'll confirm it for you as well.
He was there.
Beth confirms it.
That's all I need.
Okay.
And there's...
Yeah.
Yeah.
So...
But why not put that in the book?
Yeah, I hear you.
Yeah.
No particular reason.
Okay.
Yeah.
We'll make a note there, David.
Put it in the book.
This is all being recorded, man.
Clickety-clack into your fingers.
Clickety-clack.
Clickety-clack.
Chop, chop.
Come on.
All right.
Okay, so you know what?
I'm actually just going to pause this for a sec.
Yeah.
And...
Should I pause this, too?
You don't matter.
I just want to break up these files a little bit.
Right.
It's too big.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um...
Well, Marie just texted.
She's on her way.
She's going to clean the car.
You doing okay?
Uh, she's sick, so she bombed in the car.
Who did?
Marie.
Marie bombed it in the car.
Yeah.
No, I mean, she pulled over to vomit.
Wow.
That's not good.
Do you have this...
Stomach logo on there?
I don't know.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I don't know.
Bomber to the street.
I feel better.
I ate something and I didn't vomit.
Um, she's going to go clean the car.
She'll be right back.
She'll be back looking 30 minutes.
Okay.
I don't know, if she's okay.
I think she'll be okay.
It must have been food poisoning, or...
You want me to go?
Yeah.
Let's go already, alright.
Okay.
Um, that's interesting.
Yeah, that's kind of fun.
It's interesting, I just think that-
Wait, can we wait and turn this on before you start?
Yeah, right, yeah.
Yeah, David, I think it's,
it is a good data points,
but I really think it's important to add this bit here.
Because not only they're accusing me of lying,
but they're trying to cover something up
that is absurd to do so
when there are witnesses that can verify this guy's existence.
Okay, so now, yeah, no, I hear,
I mean, I'm not sure how important it is,
but I definitely see your point,
and there's no particular reason that's not in there.
Why are you saying you're not sure how important it is?
It's just that they are just-
It's like-
To me, what's the important part
is that they took the files, not that they're,
I don't know.
I hear what you're saying.
I don't feel strongly about this.
Let's not bicker about this,
because there's, I definitely see what you're saying.
I don't want to bicker.
There's no particular reason why not.
I just honestly want to understand
why you think it's not a big deal.
Because to me, it is a big deal.
I'm not saying that it is,
I'm fighting with you to say what it is.
I just want to know in your head, why is it not-
That they're denying that they took it?
Yeah, yeah.
Because I don't know why they denied it.
Like, maybe Kristen Southern just didn't know, for example.
Like, I mean, I don't know.
There's, the important part from my perspective
is that they took it.
And there's plenty of evidence at this point.
But if you didn't know why we put it into the,
why even take the time to put it into this very heavily-
But that memo is not what they produced, right?
That's what the lawyer for your mom produced.
And so we don't know how much emphasis they gave it.
Again, I don't really disagree with you to be honest with you.
So there's, maybe it does belong in there.
So, okay.
So, we now switch over to Mododipasky for a moment.
Great.
And so, the way I've framed this here,
that you're about to discover another reason that your dad
isn't feeling bad about stuff from the non-affected bank.
So, and one of the things you find in your father's Yahoo account
is that Bill had repeatedly warned his colleagues
that these Mododipasky transactions were very risky.
And it's not like financial risk,
so much as reputational risk for the bank.
And he had, like one time after another, cautioned Faisola.
He'd asked that this be elevated to Anshu.
And just no one listened.
By the way, I've learned that,
I should have mentioned this earlier.
So, you're going to kick it out of this.
Anshu had a nephew who worked at Deutsche Bank.
And you know, the guy, some of Anshu's colleagues
felt quite a bit of pressure to find jobs for this guy inside the bank.
Guess what job he landed on, actually.
He was one of the guys exporting this Mododipasky style transaction
to other banks around the world.
Really?
Yeah.
So, they use Mododipasky transactions.
One of the reasons this is so lucrative, right?
They use it as a model for things they could do with other banks.
What?
How is that, what, just to overpay?
Well, no, they're basically the...
To buy up the debt and overpay for something?
No, no, no, no.
The MoneyDipasky transaction at its heart is,
and again, I think you probably know this already,
but there is, it's...
So, MoneyDipasky is facing really big losses on these derivatives
that Deutsche Bank had cooked up years earlier.
And so, they create these new class of derivatives
that in the very short term,
is going to send a bunch of money to Mododipasky,
which allows them to pretend to kind of conceal the losses
that they would otherwise be facing.
Is the Antivenet apart?
No, Antivenet...
That's Santorini.
That's Santorini.
Antivenet, just get that out of your head.
There's the...
So, it gives a short-term cash infusion to MoneyDipasky
so that they can pretend they didn't actually lose all this money
that they really did lost.
But then, over the next several years,
they have to pay back that money to Deutsche Bank
through these other transactions.
And as long as they're very profitable,
no one will overnet.
Obviously, that doesn't work out that way.
Anyway, that means the debt just sort of floats
without being landing on any books for a while.
Yeah, kind of.
So, it now becomes clear inside the bank
that they're using similar transactions,
model in the Mododipasky one, for other banks
in places like Brazil and, I forget where else,
but a couple other places.
I'm using nephew.
Yeah.
And your dad warns that these, quote,
may be a rounding error at this point,
but they're growing quickly.
Well, that's strange, also,
because Anshu claims that he never signed off on this deal,
or this...
Yeah, that's...
I don't know if Anshu signed off on it or not,
that he certainly was aware of it.
Right.
And he had the concerns escalated to him.
Yeah.
I don't know if he's actually said he was not aware of it.
I think that's what Dirk told me.
But, you know, that's not, that's...
Right.
That's not...
Okay.
Okay.
Sorry, Dirk.
And so this, I note here, is,
this is a very reminiscent of Warren's County.
Yeah.
Where your dad sees these derivative transactions
piling up, they look really bad to him.
Yeah.
He, like, warns in writing repeatedly,
and no one listens.
And, sure enough, this, as you know,
blows up in Deutsche Bank's face.
And one of the pieces of evidence that's then used
against the bank and against Faisola
is the fact that your dad had warned in writing.
His memories.
Yeah.
Exactly.
It's very similar to Warren's County in that regard.
And how does that, and Faisola and his wife
are obviously close friends of your father and mother.
And your dad's gotta be feeling
like a little bit guilty about that, I imagine,
because he, he...
But he told Faisola, no.
He wrote.
He told Faisola, no.
Yeah, right.
But now the thing that he put in writing
is being used to gin up criminal charges
against his good friend.
You know, the criminal charges came way later after his death.
That's true, but the criminal investigation
was well underway, and it was clear at that point
that these emails that your dad had sent
warning were going to be a problem.
They were a crucial piece of evidence.
That showed that not only was the bank doing something naughty,
but the bank knew that what it was doing was naughty.
I mean, that's...
Okay.
Look, that doesn't mean,
that doesn't mean that could prove anything to us.
No, I don't, my brain goes directly
just Faisola's showing up today.
My mother's saying, call McKaley, call McKaley.
So...
Yeah, I'm not sure there's anything to that other than
that they were friends and lived nearby.
Just putting out there, this is a tangent
that my mind went to.
Well, the tangent my mind goes to is that
you around this time, having found all the stuff
in both of your parents' emails, you emailed Faisola.
And you asked him why he thought
your dad had killed himself.
And Faisola initially deflects the question
and suggests that you not read too much
into reports of Bill being under investigation.
And he says, quote, unfortunately, we live in a world
where banks are perceived as evil.
And therefore, senior people are unfairly attacked
by the media, politicians and regulators.
And you keep pressing and Faisola eventually
offers a more complete theory
about what had been going on inside your dad's head.
And it is, quote, I do not think that depression
was caused by a specific work situation,
but definitely work has contributed to it.
And in the last few years, the whole industry
has entered a very difficult and dark time.
We all got attacked and vilified.
I think he realized the end of his generation
of managers was approaching.
And maybe he could not deal with it.
Definitely the fact that in the last two years,
he did not have a clear job due to boffin opposition
did not help.
So...
I just didn't like that he blamed boffin.
He blamed that the thing that everyone else wants to blame
is that he didn't get the, that they blocked him.
I didn't like that.
And I don't like the fact that he's vilified.
I think this is a pretty...
He's saying he's being vilified
and he's saying my dad's being vilified.
And that...
Well, he's saying a lot more than that.
He's saying bankers are being vilified.
That's the first thing he says.
That's not the second thing he's saying.
He says that there's...
He's really saying that, first of all, your dad was depressed.
Second of all, there wasn't a specific thing.
There was just all of this.
There were all these investigations.
He's saying, I think he realized
the end of the generation of managers
was approaching and maybe he could not deal with it.
That's fine, Donna, I accept.
Which reminds me a lot of what we talked about yesterday.
Yeah, with the Dixon fuckers.
The Troy Dixon gang of sheds.
So this is all beginning to make a little bit more sense
to me at this point.
And honestly, I think it was making a little more sense
to you at the time too, if I recall.
This theory is, yes.
Okay.
So.
This one theory, because there are others.
But yes, it makes a little sense.
Wait, sorry.
What's one theory?
That this isn't him feeling like it's out of control
because he's a generational thing
and now he doesn't...
People aren't listening to him anymore.
He's not the...
The statue he had before is the voice of reason
where everyone was worshiping him as he asked,
Bill, what do we do here?
What do we do here?
He's being disrespected.
He's being circumvented.
You know, how have I missed this?
I don't know.
But I've missed here is your dad's notes.
How did we...
Because that's when you were at the university club.
Yeah.
Did we go over that yesterday?
Yeah.
Oh, we did, okay.
Yeah, you were, I'm sorry.
So just to reread Anshu's, his note to Anshu now,
because I think that's helpful for Remake,
continuing to keep in mind the framing of all this
in his mind at the time.
She says, Anshu, you were so good to me
and I've repaid you with carelessness.
I've betrayed your trust
and hid my horrible nature from you.
I can't even begin to fathom the damage I have done.
I am eternally sorry and condemned.
And then we combine that, take that,
which raises obviously a ton of questions.
Take that with this nugget from the note he left
to your mom and it says, even my career,
which was once a source of pride, ended anonymously.
I look back at it with shame,
another gift that I was careless with and poisoned.
My role as a director of DBTCA is burdensome
and something I'm not suited for.
However, I have to pretend to enjoy it
because it is my only remaining source of status.
I can't look back, I can't look forward.
So that's some heavy shit.
But just fucking be careful with that
because you're taking the ramblings of a guy
that's kind of lost and gone over the edge
just before he kills himself.
And the self-deprecation and the self-annihilation.
That's not self-deprecation.
Yeah, the self-hatred is there.
It's self-hatred, yeah.
Yes, the self-hatred is there and it's present
and it's clouding all his judgments, okay?
And so it's seeping out into his words, his verbiage,
everything.
So be careful not to put too much stake in that
because sometimes we all get down on ourselves
and we hate ourselves and we only see bad shit.
And that colors everything else.
No.
But if you focus on something, if it's not you
and you're looking at someone else's...
But to the extent that...
No, if you're looking at someone else's vomit
of self-hatred and you look through it
and you find these little pieces
that were eaten a long time ago, they're coming out,
you can't focus on that as making a data point.
That's, first of all, a disgusting analogy.
And second of all, I completely,
I think that's very smart what you're saying.
But to the extent that our goal here
is to better understand why your dad killed himself,
looking at his self-hatred and how he expresses
his self-hatred, I think is highly relevant
when it's in the context of all these other data points.
So...
Right, but that's what I'm afraid of
is that we're building a false context of data points,
a false house, easily broken, a glass house,
one little window could smash it.
I'm just not thinking Billy Joel's album, Glass House.
Anyway, this...
Sorry, you lost me there.
No, I just...
My mind went on a thing.
Okay, so...
But no, no, no, but do you get what I'm saying?
Just be careful because if you use that,
if you use this self-hatred spewage
for your data point to support your other theory,
I think that it's very wobbly.
I mean, you have, if you're going home
and you have a terrible day at work
and the wife is driving you nuts
and the kids are going crazy
and then your mom calls and your dad calls
and you lost something, you're just like,
oh, and then all of a sudden you take it inward
and you maybe saw my fault, I'm an asshole, I'm an idiot.
And you start writing all this stuff down
about just to get it out of you.
I'm an asshole, I'm an idiot,
I can't believe I did this, it's all my fault.
And then you go to sleep and then a few days later
you wake up and you feel a lot better,
you look back at the thing, you're like, oh my God.
I can't believe I blame myself for all this.
You know, how ridiculous, this obviously is not my fault.
This obviously, my mom's the one that said this,
so that's why I reacted like this.
And you look back and you use your rational brain,
you look through it and you realize
this was you expaling an expulsion
or expounding all these things
that you were inside you at the time.
But you don't go through them and use them
as a data point to build a theory as to anything else.
It's almost irrelevant in that sense.
I disagree.
Almost irrelevant.
The most relevant is the self-hatred
in the bigger picture, but the details of the self-hatred,
I don't think are that relevant.
Except that we know, first of all, they killed himself.
And we know what he said to his psychologist,
and to his doctor, and numerous of his friends,
and his lawyer, and it all says the same thing, Val.
Okay.
You know what I mean, I agree with you
that we shouldn't take these in isolation.
We shouldn't. Yeah, yeah.
But we're not.
I mean, this is a lot of evidence.
Okay.
I hear you.
But it isn't.
Like when he says he betrayed Anshun.
I don't think he didn't literally betray him.
I think he thinks he failed him.
Yeah, but why didn't he just say fail?
Because he was, you know, obviously a very dark place.
And he didn't betray Anshun.
Like the...
But to someone that doesn't know my father,
there's no situation to read this and says betrayed.
Oh, clearly, Bill is hiding something.
Clearly, David's not writing something.
Clearly, Val is holding back something he found in the emails
because there's word betrayal in there.
By the time I paid 281,
Did you get my point?
Yes, I understand.
How strong that word can be missed.
Well, but it's not my word.
I know, but how, to a novice reader of this story,
in this book, to just see that word and have that pop out,
such a loaded word,
that they can easily conspiracy theories arise.
Val and David are leaving out something very important
that Bill's guilty of.
Why would he kill himself?
Clearly, he did something wrong.
Do you know, it's like the fallacy of saying,
well, why is Val's mom treating him like this?
Clearly, Val did something wrong.
You know?
The fallacy of, you know, do you get my point?
Yeah, except that this is page 281 of a book
that has your dad's rise and fall
as one of its central narrative backbones.
And I do not think anyone can be taking anything out of context
to this one in the book.
I just wanted to let you see what your thoughts are on that.
And express my thoughts.
You know, it's a risk in my head, it's a risk.
Well, but I'm trying to manage.
Yeah, I hear you.
But I mean, to me, like,
I'm not bothered by that risk.
I think the risk is there's no way to ignore what he wrote.
And you put it in a lot of context
and it belongs a lot.
But you could add an opposing viewpoint.
What's the opposing viewpoint?
What I just told you.
No one's suggesting he betrayed him.
There's, I think in his head,
he probably felt like he had failed, though.
That makes more sense.
But he didn't use the word fail.
Well, he used the word carelessness.
Yeah.
And it.
That leads to failure, I guess.
Okay.
So let's see.
Am I going to Europe?
Is that what's next?
So what's next?
Let's go to Europe.
Off you go.
Okay.
So you decided to go to Europe
a little bit after the second anniversary of your death.
Are you going over the post thing?
No.
I'm mentioning, that's a good question, actually.
Let me, we'll get there in two minutes.
Okay.
So you decided to go to Europe
a little bit after the second anniversary of your death.
So that's in early 2016.
It's March, probably.
Yeah.
I'm noting that, and maybe this is wrong, actually,
and I should fix this.
But there is, at least the way it seemed to me
and previous, our infinite conversations
we've had about this.
By this point, it seemed a bit clearer to you
that your dad clearly had committed suicide,
at least in part, because of fear and concern
and shame about what had happened at the back.
No, not yet.
Not yet.
This is a good thing you brought up.
Because at this point, that's why I said,
I'm going to go over the post part,
because this is when Michael Gray comes in
and plants it in my head that my dad was murdered.
He puts this into my head,
which I already kind of thought,
he was toying with this idea that he was forced
to kill himself or suicide by extortion.
Like, if you don't kill yourself, we're gonna,
the Hollywood version.
In fact, the next paragraph here,
we got into Michael Gray, so.
Yeah, and when that seed was planted in my head,
I went to, I wanted to meet David Rossi,
when I learned the whole David Rossi story.
But did you think at that point,
that in a literally like way?
I didn't want to believe that my dad killed himself.
I did not want to believe that at all.
And that's, tell me why.
I just, it just didn't fit in my understanding of my father.
It just didn't fit in anyone's understanding of him.
As you can guess.
Yeah, that's definitely true.
So there's, in congruency there,
I wanted to figure out what was wrong.
And what was, maybe I have to examine all possibilities.
And one of those possibilities is that it was
some sort of shady mafia shit with Monty Duposky.
And that's what Michael Gray planted in my head.
And I ran with it.
And I really took it to the end of its,
I took it as far as I could go until I realized
that that was ridiculous.
But I had to examine it.
No, I understand.
And this is actually, in fact,
basically the way I've written it.
There's no indication of foul playing Bill's death,
but after watching the Italian video,
you couldn't help but wonder
whether I'm going to uncover, et cetera, et cetera.
So one thing I need to run by here or tell you
is that I've got a footnote here.
There aren't many footnotes in this book,
but there's one right here.
Which I say, exercising awful judgment,
you shared with Michael Gray,
one of the photos you've shown,
or you've taken of your dad lying in the hallway.
And I say that exhibiting even worse taste,
the post then published that photo.
And I'm saying that your family-
I was saying the emails where I was upset about that.
And I'm saying-
The emails I said to Michael Gray,
like, why did you do this to take it out?
And they said it was too late
because it's already-
Well, they did edit it, ultimately.
But there-
They did.
Ultimately, yeah, it's not like that.
I haven't even looked.
Yeah, it's gone.
I mean-
That's great.
But in his, I mean, there is not much defense room.
Like, you should not have published those photos,
I don't think.
But on the other hand, yeah, you like did,
he's a journalist and you gave it to him, so.
You should have asked me.
Well, whatever, it doesn't matter.
There is-
No, it doesn't matter.
I said, can I use this photo in the production?
I said, yes or no, you know, you should have asked me.
I'm noting that your family suspected
you had sold the photo to the post,
which was not the case,
and they never forgave you for that.
No, for something, never forgave you
for something that never happened.
Well, you did share it with the post.
Yes, I did share it.
Which was not in my, I don't think,
you've not, this is a stupid move.
It was stupid, yeah.
Yeah, shit, yeah.
Just wanted to know what it would be,
what we want to be at the scene,
what it would look like.
And then I thought, you know,
they could have gotten it from the police anyway,
it's like handed everything over to them,
so why not save them some fucking time?
It's not like they couldn't get it in my head,
so I thought, I don't know.
Okay.
It was, yes, but yes, it was a terrible move,
and it's fine to put that in there.
Okay.
Okay, so you, maybe you've already done this,
but you go into your mom's email,
you find the details for AMX.
And...
I think also, if I could just go back for a minute,
instead of just a footnote saying
it was a ridiculously terrible move,
can you explain that it became a huge
incident between the family?
Yeah, no, I say that.
I say, Val family suspected that he had sold
the photo to the post, which was not the case,
and they never forgave him.
Okay, I mean, you think it's only worth a footnote?
Yeah, I do.
Um...
Okay, so you get your mom's AMX number,
you buy a bunch of new computer equipment
for the trip to Europe,
you load all this stuff onto one of the new laptops,
you get a business class ticket to Paris,
and you fly in March of 2016.
You land at Charles de Gaulle,
and things immediately go off course.
You're in the bathroom,
briefly to snort a few lines of coke,
and you leave your bags unattended.
Yeah.
And when you come out,
a bunch of the new computer stuff is gone.
The laptop with all the stuff on it.
I'd go, and it was snorting heroin, not coke, but...
That's good.
Let me...
That somehow fits right now.
Yeah, and I was doing that on the flight, too.
And I had gone to the bathroom,
yes, but I did not leave my bags unattended.
I had them all in that silly little push cart
they have brought into the bathroom with me.
I specifically chose one of those big disabled bathrooms,
so I could put it all in there.
Took it all back out, everything was in my line of sight,
and I go to buy a SIM card,
and it's the only time I could not take it
into the kiosk area.
I had to leave it next to the cashier.
Got it, okay.
That's when I would have lost my line of sight
for just a few minutes.
Yeah, okay.
So computer equipment gets stolen,
except for the laptop with all the stuff
you'd got taken from your dad's files.
There were two iParents,
and two possibly,
whatever it was in the police car, I can't remember,
it was two hard drives, the big G drives,
like those two terabytes worth.
Two of those are gone, and the iPads are missing.
Yeah, okay.
And the backpacks I had on my,
I was wearing them so they couldn't have taken those.
Okay.
Nothing else was taken, no passport,
everything else was, nothing else was stolen,
but those specific drives.
Okay, you called Larry Meltzer from the airport,
told him what had happened.
I called him at the hotel, but not at the airport.
You sure about that?
I'm pretty sure you called him from the airport.
Did I call him from the airport?
I may have.
If he says I did, I probably didn't.
Okay, so he told you.
I called him many times, I just can't remember.
Yeah, he told you that it was possible
that you were being followed,
perhaps at least I'm from Deutsche,
and he just warned you to be careful.
Yeah.
So you then rent an Audi from Avis?
No, Nissan Cascua, Cascai.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
What did he?
It's a bit later.
I spent about three weeks detoxing off the heroin.
Unfortunately, in France, there's a lot of coding
over the counter, so that was very helpful.
But when you drive to Amsterdam,
you drive an Audi from Avis?
No, no, no, no.
When I drive to Amsterdam, I drive a Nissan Cascai.
You sure?
That's what, in Amsterdam, your car gets smashed.
Yeah, that's the Cascai, the Cascai.
Are you 100% certain about that?
Because you showed me a photo of this.
Yeah, I'm 100% certain.
I'm saying this, but it looks like an Audi, but it's not.
Okay, so what is it?
It's a Nissan QUA.
I don't care.
I'll just say Nissan.
QUAI.
Okay, Nissan.
I'll share the photos.
Okay, so one evening, someone smashes the car's window,
steals the remaining laptop,
which was hidden under the passenger seat,
and yet your wallet, password, guitar,
which were all in plain view weren't stolen.
This is in Amsterdam.
Yes.
Yeah.
And that's it for you.
You concluded at this point, and as does Larry Meltzer,
that there's a conspiracy afoot.
A conspiracy afoot.
And, you know, I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to
And Meltzer is further convinced of this
because he, at one time when you're talking,
hears some odd clicking sounds on the line,
and another time you call him,
but end up getting connected to his wife's cell phone.
Very weird.
Yeah.
And then not only that, I mean,
computers would turn off restart on their own.
The phones would turn off restart on their own.
Very strange things happen.
Very odd buggy behavior.
We're both convinced.
Well, he convinced me that I was being hacked.
I didn't want to believe it, because I had,
remember, I had just been through this terrible experience
of paranoia and delusion.
I did not want to ever go back there again.
So any hint of you're being followed was like,
I don't want to believe this.
I'm not being followed.
I'm perfectly normal.
Everything's normal, you know?
And Larry had to keep beating it into me
that be careful, be careful, be careful.
Yeah.
I mean, some people might argue that that is not
the most constructive rule for a therapist,
I know, I know, I know.
It's funny that the therapist is telling me
to be more paranoid.
Yes, funny is the word for it.
It's ironic, ironic.
Okay, so you check into a suite in the Steigenberger,
Airbird of Tallinn, Amsterdam.
Wait, but what about the whole time in the Camping
of Ligambos?
That was a whole...
No, that's afterwards.
No, no, no, no, no.
I check into, I can see it in my head.
This is the campground you're talking about?
Yes, before the campground, I check into
the Hotel New Hampshire, New Hampshire Hotels
right in Rembrandt Square.
Tell them the name of it if I can find it for you.
And I stay there for about 12-ish days
before I'm going to go to Siena.
And we also passed up to me trying to get back
into the country, back into England.
Yeah, I don't care about that.
Okay.
Now, are you sure about this
because I've looked at the receipts
from the airport hotel.
Yeah, no, I definitely stayed there,
but that was after the Camping of Ligambos.
It was a Hampshire hotel in Rembrandt Square.
I'm going to call it Hotel New Hampshire,
but it's not, that's a book by John Irving.
It was something, something, and it had a nice suite.
Don't worry about, what are you doing right now, by the way?
I'm trying to find the photo of the car,
of the Nissan Cache Quarry.
And I'll show you the picture of the hotel as well,
the actual name of the hotel in Amsterdam.
Okay, so you stay at another hotel in Amsterdam.
Yes.
Then, using your mom's AmEx,
and then you, she or her guy figures out
that there's theft going on.
Not yet.
Why do you end up at the campground then?
So I'm at the campground.
No, no, no, no.
You're in a hotel.
Yeah.
Why do you go from a hotel to a campground?
So I met this lady in a bar in Amsterdam,
and she said, you got to come to this place
called Fliegenboos, where there's like a hippie dream.
You know, everyone's jamming all the time,
and people from all over the world are here,
and it's just like the coolest place in Amsterdam.
And come on Saturday night, especially,
you know, I want you to come play with us.
You brought your guitars, you know,
come jam and play a show here.
And I'm like, okay, fine, why not?
You know, I haven't played music in a while.
It'll be good to meet some, some cool people in Amsterdam,
and go.
So I drive down there,
and it turns out it was not the hippie dream she mentioned.
She just was running this music show,
this music night at the place,
and just wanted me to play for free.
So I was like, okay, fine.
So when I played, I rented a cabin,
and I stayed there for two nights,
and the night before I was going to leave,
I think it was a Sunday,
I go into Amsterdam, into Thalstra,
to go buy some cigarettes in the center of Amsterdam.
I leave the car in a cobblestone fucking street
to go buy cigarettes.
I've gone for five fucking minutes.
I get back into the car,
I get back toward the car, I see the strewn glass,
and I'm like, oh shit,
somebody's car just got broken into,
I feel terrible over it.
This happened too.
I get closer to my car, and underneath the fucking lamp,
you know, there's just windows gone smashed.
I'm like, fuck it's me, you know?
I go in, I check to see what's missing.
Only thing that's missing is the black laptop.
Just exactly like this, I use this exact same cover.
In the darkness of night,
under cover of the fucking night,
in Amsterdam, under one streetlight,
underneath the passenger side seat,
you had to know where it was.
My passport, right here, right here,
nothing else was taken.
Guitars, in the back, my strat, in the back,
all my luggage, in the back.
I'm just starting to lose it.
Can we just focus on the chronology for a second though?
There's, okay, so you're at this New Hampshire hotel,
whatever it's called.
You then go and spend a couple nights at the campground,
then your car that's broken into,
and they steal the laptop, and then what?
And then, I file a police report,
I go to the Amsterdam police,
we call Avis, tell them what happened.
They said they're gonna send a tow truck the next day
and swap out cars for me, you know,
don't worry about it, et cetera, et cetera.
You might have to pay a little bit for the window,
whatever you're based on your insurance.
I'm like, great, I got full insurance, you know?
At least I thought I did, I turned out I didn't.
I go back to the campground, I sleep, I wake up,
I go to check out with my card,
and the, I can't remember his name anymore,
but the guy's like, your card's not working,
I was like, what do you mean it's not working,
it's not working, so your card's not working.
So I call the bank, and I look at the app,
sorry, I didn't call the bank, I look at the app,
and I'm negative $15,000.
It's like, what the fuck?
And it's from Avis, I fetch Avis, and so then I'm stuck.
And so then you just stay at the campground
for a while, and I just stay at the campground.
Okay.
There were, yes, the reason I couldn't get out,
because I could not.
Wait, so then were you using your mom's credit card,
or was that another credit card?
I was using, no, for the,
Vleganbos was not very expensive,
so I could use my card for that.
But what about for Avis?
For Avis, I used my mom's card,
but I paid with my, I used my mom's card as the,
because you can't do it with a debit card in that country,
but I can use the credit card number
and put it on my card,
because it could not charge remotely only on digits.
I had to show up with an actual thing,
but on the reservation online, you can use just digits,
but you have to show up with a proper car
that they can take money from in person.
So they couldn't take money off my mom's card,
they can only take it off my card.
So I used it to establish that there is credit,
and that if anything happens,
you can go to this credit card company.
That's the way they did it in fucking Avis Charles DeGaulle.
Do you understand what I mean?
Yes.
What I'm confused about a little bit is-
And I had to use my money,
otherwise I would have got a much better card.
At the Hampshire Hotel,
you are staying on for 12 nights on your mom's card.
Yes.
Okay.
So why once your bank account gets drained by Avis,
why don't you just go somewhere else
and put it on your mom's card?
Because that, yeah, that card, I couldn't use it.
I couldn't use that anymore.
Because your mom had figured it out.
She had canceled that card, yeah.
That specific card, and I hadn't gone back
to the emails to find other cards.
Right, and she had figured out, okay.
And I did try.
So what I've gotten wrong here is not,
it's really just that I got wrong in the name of the hotel.
Right.
So, okay.
And the Audi.
Yeah, and the Audi.
Yeah, and the Audi.
Believe me, if I could have used my mom's card,
I would have gotten a much nicer car.
Okay, I'm quoting you saying
that you didn't feel guilty stealing from her.
Not at all.
And I'm quoting you saying,
this is the only way I can get at her.
This is the only jab I can take at her.
Yeah, but that's just, you know, that's silly.
I mean, again, like I told you outside,
I have no home.
I'm living in rental cars in hotels.
And so I really have no sympathy for her
to take her money, to stay alive and eat.
Good.
No sympathy, to have shelter and eat.
And yes, you know, I didn't get the basics.
I didn't go to a shitty fucking roadway in.
I went to the best hotels I could.
So fuck her out.
Just, it'd be nice to have some little bit of luxury
for that I missed for a very long time.
You know, why not?
And it wasn't a fuck you.
It wasn't like, oh, I'm gonna,
this is my fuck you to her.
This is me staying alive and surviving
and get through this trip.
So I can get to fucking Sienna
and find out what's going on with David Rossi.
Okay.
And get to UBS and find and meet Sergio Armani.
That was the other part of the thing.
But that happened later.
Yes, indeed.
Okay, so at the campground, you mean?
I would take out, this is my only way of getting back.
Maybe yes, that's part of it.
There was some anger there,
but that wasn't the basic need.
The basic need was to eat and have shelter.
I hear you.
But you're not clicky clacky, you know.
Because we're recording this.
There's, and also I'm not guaranteeing
I'm taking stuff out.
So there's, but I definitely hear what you're saying.
And I will, I'm gonna, lucky me,
I'm gonna get to spend, you know,
how many, we're probably about seven hours now total.
I'm gonna get to go through this all again.
Relive this minus the cigarette smoke.
So minus like the fucking lung cancer you're giving me.
I got the fan blowing and went into the door's open.
Disgusting.
Okay, so.
David, prove what, David.
Yeah, exactly.
He sound like my wife.
It's a best piece.
Jesus, David.
The Marie keeps telling me,
it's like, David's like your ex-wife.
He's like a wife.
My ex-wife?
No, David's like your wife.
Sorry.
Did you talk to David again today?
Who are you talking to?
Is it David?
Kirsten gets sometimes,
is both with you and with Tom Hayes.
She like thinks, or has thought that,
I don't think she's actually thought this,
but I think it's like occurred to her at points
that maybe I have a lover.
Is this valve really a man?
Is it male valve?
Yeah, I don't.
That's why she called,
or she was on the phone the other night.
No, I think she just like finds you fascinating actually.
And she read the story, right?
What story?
She read your book.
Yeah, she's read it, but also she's just like,
you know, lived this with me for the past,
what, five years, so.
She is.
I mean, it's more so.
Do I anything?
No, not at all.
Yeah, I'll get some water.
I'll pause this for a second, please.
Bring it up.
I think it's important.
Oh, shit, dude.
That's not an exposure.
Oh my God, it's stop recording.
What?
Okay.
No, like for a while, yeah.
I just wanted to reiterate,
I just think it's a,
oh, you didn't record that last minute.
Oh, yeah, I can understand you.
No, I don't think it's.
No, that's not gonna happen.
You don't see this thing.
All you have to do is to spend some time
and you should look at it as opposed to
what's not to be seen as many after you.
You have to do that.
You should have.
You should have, that's funny.
