it's recording now sorry okay can you just okay yeah I was looking through the
text just to find out I know but we've got to figure out a good way to record
oh no I never started it was a problem see that now it's he's got the
recording line okay cool so now we know it's cool alright so just to reiterate
we're looking through the DBTC MCO breach report in relation to Don Ska Bank and
we're trying to figure out exactly what we're looking at yeah and my
understanding from the source that I talked to isn't it this is all this is
showing that on a given date which is in this case October 18th 2013 this is the
exposure that Deutsche Bank's USC and a DBTC has DBTC yeah it's a DBTC is the
parent company of DBTC there's like this place is organized like it's like
thousands of legal entities stacked on top of each other so your dad's still
New York base this is still DBTC is also DBTC in base in New York shoot I just
press but yes and and this is what your dad was on the board of both of them
which is why he was getting emails like this with this huge I thought DBTC a was
just specifically DBTC I okay I know you're saying there is a narrow right
DBTC your dad was on the board of both okay and look as I said the thing that
my guy said it was really interesting about this is not really particular
transactions but it's that there are if you go back to the main page of that
spreadsheet you'll see there no the one with the the one we're just looking
at the trades
it's pivot maybe okay yeah if you go it's gonna be really hard to do this on a
tablet but if you were to go do a search for the word Russia for instance or
Moscow you'll see that they're doing business with and I'll show you I've got
this on my computer as well let's just pull it up on your computer well no I
don't know this spreadsheet I just have I'm sure honestly I have you know it's
branching just search MCO breach report as the title of the sheet
this is I don't have it downloaded the but what I do have is I have in the text
of the book I've written down the names of some of the like weird institutions
that show up in the spreadsheet and weird institutions searching for Moscow and
if you tell me with John Moscow my guy is a trip I really think so so here are
some of the entities like there's first of all VTV which is the big and that's a
state-owned bank right that yeah and it's run by one of Putin's closest pals
I know and it's very close size of Deutsche Bank so there's tens of
millions of dollars it shows in outstanding transactions with VTV on
this particular given day there's also but there's all these other obscure
Russian banks that I personally never heard so there's Russian International
Bank okay I know what that is there's Russian joint-stop commercial roads bank
there's Russian mortgage bank okay there's Russian commercial bank Cyprus
limited that makes sense I mean well they're just they're doing business with
a ton of Russian banks and it's really cool all the season people created I don't
think for them between their their may be in the transaction maybe not
necessarily that a lot of them so look if you look in this they're also doing a
ton of business with that you said Don's good banks are doing business with like
Conoco Phillips is in here there's so it's a rain some of these are very
mainstream Arab petrol yeah they're doing a ton of business on this particular
day with a ton of different companies right okay so I don't think this is
gonna answer the fundamental question about clearly they're doing business the
Don's command but this is Deutsche Bank it's one of the biggest banks in the
world is doing business on any given day with like thank you David I know but
look Don's good bank if there's a breach report so we're talking about breaches
in the breaches between Don's good bank and Deutsche Bank so it's not anything
that has to do with see I don't think it reaches I think the breach is that they
have Deutsche has limits that it's normally supposed to be staying with
him so right a breach is when they go over below yeah those thresholds and
breaches I understand but I'm saying this if we can see how much money Don's
good banks owed to Deutsche or Deutsche's owed to Don's good bank and we can
sort of cross-reference with 150 billion that's being reported today you
might have a timeline that we can create from that yeah I understand what you're
saying I don't have the capacity to do that I've spent so many hours looking at
this yeah and it okay well show it to your expert friend with I will yeah I
will do that I mean maybe that's something to say it could be just shot in
the dark it might be worthless but it's worth just you know having once a look
over a quick look over I mean am I right or am I wrong I don't know yeah there
could be something there I mean I've had a I've spent a lot of time with this guy
there's and I think his view is that this is interesting because it shows the
variety of places that Deutsche was doing a ton of business with and it was
more than he thought especially as it related to Russia but was he at all
looking at it through the lens of Don's good bank and what was what's been
happening recently is this before all this is before dawn so now we have
something that might be helpful for that and again David I would like to say for
a year I've been telling you about this Don's good bank stuff here and you've
been saying it's it's silly it's silly but every time there's a new article
about it and now there's we have some a spreadsheet that shows that I was not so
silly you're not there's nothing silly about no I mean about my my referencing
this the spreadsheet in relation to Don's good banks relationship to Deutsche
bank I think there's something here I hear you okay and the guys that Glenn
hired said that this is interesting from a top completely different reason you're
telling me that I'm asking you that is that what he said no and we're gonna
shut that because we can't get into that that's we don't say the names or even
reference okay so yeah okay should we should we start doing a little yeah
let's just get to yeah how do you want to do this let's start the beginning and
just go through the whole thing I just read it to you yes I'll read it to you
yes and you can restore chocolate in a pillow yeah exactly if you have a roaring
fire yes it'd be lovely um that train that yeah raise that train raise that
here yeah I think it's a champion way over you know I've an idea let me I'm
just gonna pause you guys don't have 80% for me
except we'll eat up
you
All right, well, maybe we can just delete all that and just start again.
No, no, no.
It was like a test.
It's fine.
No, there's...
I didn't know I wasn't supposed to bring up that guy.
Yeah, just don't bring up any specifics about sources, because not because it's like...
But did you see what I was doing?
I was like making it look like that was a separate entity from the one that you could
join.
It's fine.
It's...
I was muddying the water, specifically, because I knew that's the guy you're referring
to.
So I made it look like this is a separate person.
Got it.
Okay.
Back up.
Yes.
It's obfuscating.
This source.
Let's not obfuscate anything.
Yes, it is.
That's obfuscating.
No, no, I'm not saying you're not obfuscating.
I'm saying let's not obfuscate.
Oh, okay.
Okay, so...
Okay.
So there are a couple of ways we can do this.
Yes.
One is...
In the way I've got this organized right now on my computer is...
Just a bunch of things in kind of roughly chronological order.
And I've actually kept out.
I've made kind of a document here for myself.
Can I see that?
Can you send me an outline to go through?
No.
Oh, come on.
No, we're not going to do that.
Because it's just like clips from them.
It's like paragraphs that I've cut and pasted into a separate document for the book.
Yeah, that's fine.
I can get that.
Yeah, not sure you'd love that.
But we're not going to do that right now.
Okay.
So basically the way I've got this organized is in chronological order of like your dad's
life onward.
So like your dad is born on November 5th, 1955.
Okay.
And we...
By the way, do we know if he was...
He was...
There are six kids, right?
And was he number three or number four?
So there was Laura and then Peter.
Or sorry, Laura, John, Peter, my dad.
Okay, so he was fourth.
Yeah.
Okay.
And then Sam and then Bob.
And then Sam and Bob.
Okay.
So what I'm not going to do unless you really want to is go through like absolutely everything
because there's a lot...
I would like to go through absolutely everything, yes.
You really want...
Yes.
The reason I say no is because a lot of this is stuff you've told me.
So it's like...
Yeah.
I would like to see how you have...
You're not going to really see how...
Reinterpreted what I told you.
It's not really...
Or reductively...
Okay.
Well, that's fine.
We can go through this in some detail.
So...
Okay.
Okay.
Well, actually, first of all, let's go through the moment, the day on January 26th, 2014,
which...
Is that today?
No.
That's almost exactly five years ago.
Today is January 25th.
Okay.
So you get out of the tube station, drizzling, you're in Sloan Square.
You had the previous night been jamming with your band.
And you have told me in the past that you just woke up that morning not feeling probably
the greatest.
It was more than jamming.
Yeah.
It was a show, I think, and then there was a party.
And I didn't fall asleep until maybe five or six a.m.
I remember.
I was with Beth.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let me grab some water.
Yeah.
Go on.
Sorry.
I'm listening.
Well, I just want to...
That's fine.
So you...
You felt like some sort of negative energy when you were on the tube.
Yeah.
It was very...
Can you just come back here?
Yeah.
Sorry.
I just...
No, I know.
That's...
Well, no.
I don't even need you to.
This is kind of what I'm saying.
Like, there's...
I don't really feel a need to fact check this kind of stuff with you right now because
it's...
This is coming straight from your mouth on 15 different occasions.
So...
Okay.
Okay.
So maybe we should...
You're wearing a hat, no.
Okay.
You don't like the idea of tube bald, man?
No, okay.
Let's be tube bald, guys.
Okay.
All right.
So, yeah.
So I was on the tube and I remember feeling this like overwhelming dark, terrible, foreboding
thing.
It wasn't foreboding, actually.
It was more...
Because foreboding would be for the future, but this was like in the moment.
And I thought maybe it was just like an echo of my lack of sleep and misery waking up early
for me to get down there.
But no, it was like a really dark sort of terribleness.
It's very hard to describe.
And you think that...
It's like a visual sort of thing as well.
It's very strange.
And I thought I was picking up from someone on the tube, you know, because sometimes,
you know, you're on the tube and you pick up other people's like sort of pathology or
emotions or whatever.
And you're like, wait, that's not...
Why am I feeling so...
And then you see the guy next to you like, oh.
You know.
And I was like, was there somebody...
But there wasn't anybody around me that was giving off this sort of terrible...
In hindsight, you think that was the moment your dad died?
Yeah.
In hindsight, yeah.
I wrote it down in my notes and I keep meaning to find it, but I still haven't done that
because I don't really want to look at it.
But I will do that if you can remind me.
Okay.
So...
Because at the time, every time I would have an idea or something, because I was still
writing music at that time.
And I would write down thoughts or ideas I had and that one was overwhelmingly strong.
So I wrote it down, like everything about it.
I didn't think much about that until months later.
Yeah.
All right.
So you get out of the tube.
It's drizzly.
You are...
You walk over to the Satya Gallery.
It's one o'clock.
Parents aren't there.
You text them.
You text your mom and say, where are you?
Where are you guys?
No response.
Correct.
And you go then browse around the Tashin bookstore.
Yeah.
Look at that Beatles book.
That's right.
And then who...
And then your phone rings.
And then the phone rings.
Well, there was a few more texts.
Where are you?
What's going on?
I'm here.
And they're usually never late.
I'm always the one that's late.
So...
And I was early this time, which is unusual.
That is...
I can vouch from personal experience.
That's unusual.
Yeah.
And I was looking through the book and I was trying to figure out a way for them to talk
my dad or mom into buying me this for my birthday.
And yeah, send multiple texts.
And then the phone call came in and I believe it said unknown or no caller ID.
I'm not sure.
Which was also strange because if it was my mom or my dad, it would come up as mom or
dad.
And it was a voice.
It was very hard to recognize and a very strong Russian accent.
And I think it was the housekeeper or one of the housekeeper's friends or somebody.
I don't.
It was very fuzzy stuff.
What did the voice say?
Emergency, emergency.
Your father or your father.
Well, your story is aligning perfectly with what I've got written here.
So that's good.
Of course.
You go into...
You grab a...
You hail cab.
Yeah.
I get a black cab.
It was raining a bit, I remember.
And you get to 21 Evelyn Gardens and hop out of the cab.
Was there an ambulance there?
There was, yeah.
And so then what do you do?
That's when I knew that it was, you know, somewhat for real that there was something going on.
Just a verifiable ambulance.
You don't see an ambulance combined with emergency, emergency, you know.
I just ran out of the cab.
I paid the guy, remember, and ran out of the cab, ran up the stairs.
And I already told you all this.
I know, but it's good to just like...
It's actually helpful for me.
Like, do you not want to?
We don't have to.
I mean, this is the same thing.
So, yeah, I get in there, I open the door, and my dad was dead and he's on the floor,
lying on his back in the hallway.
The EMTs were there, and they were finishing up.
They were wrapping up their instruments, and my mom was wailing.
The current crying tears.
Very terrible scene.
Terrible.
Did you know he was dead?
I kind of just instinctively knew, you know, I mean, just when you see the scenes.
Yeah, I can imagine.
Okay, let's move on.
I'm sorry to have to, like, start out with it.
Okay.
You're not sorry.
Well, dude, I can tell...
I know you well enough that I, like, know...
I mean, I've heard the story a million times, obviously, but it's...
I don't enjoy running through the camera.
I know you're kidding.
It honestly is.
Don't worry, I'm just...
I'm not worried.
...giving you shit.
Okay, so...
So what are the details? Do we need...
I don't think we need to go into any more details right there.
I then kind of fast-forward a little bit.
What were the police and the notes? I mean, you have all that, right?
Yeah, I've got that, but I'm not going to get into that.
Why don't you tell me what you have, and then I will tell you if something is correct or incorrect,
rather than me saying the same thing I've been telling you for four years?
Okay, because it's really the way you have processed the information that's important,
not the information I give you again.
Yep, fair enough.
Okay, so let's rewind 55 or 60 years.
Okay.
And so it...
Bill's grandfather, your great-grandfather,
there's a guy named John Shaw Brooksman.
Yeah.
And he started off being a sheep rancher.
Okay.
Do you know that?
No, Gar.
Gar?
I think they call him Gar.
I don't know.
I...
He gave sheep ranching a try.
Oh, wait, on whose side?
On my...
This is your dad's...
Mother's side?
Dad's...
grandfather.
So it's paternal.
So his father's father?
His father's father, yes.
Okay, Jack's father.
So this is not Reverend Jack.
This is Reverend Jack's dad.
Yeah, no, this isn't different.
Gar is Jack's wife's father.
So your great-grandfather, Reverend Jack's dad,
becomes...
There's some great...
Like he wrote about his experience,
because he, for something back in 1906,
which I tracked down,
and he, after becoming a sheep rancher,
decided to be a banker,
and worked at a bank in Cedar Rapids, Iowa,
and he started at the very bottom.
He was washing windows and scrubbing floors.
For your...
This was...
He described this.
This is probably, I guess, the late 1800s,
because he wrote about this in 1906.
Massachusetts?
No, in Iowa.
In Iowa? Okay.
He said,
all the money that fell on the floor went to me,
and for a while, it was pretty poor picking.
But he spent his career there,
and they were in banking,
and eventually he ended up
at a big Chicago bank, Harris Trust.
And by the Great Depression,
he had enough kind of seniority
that he was summoned to testify in Washington
before the big Senate committee,
the PCORA Commission,
that was investigating.
It was like, basically,
the financial crisis inquiry commission
80 years earlier.
What was this crisis over?
The Great Depression.
Oh, the Great Depression.
Yeah, so it was like the 1929 stock market crash,
and then they ensue in the Depression.
So, John, the banker as a son,
Jack, John Jr.
And the daughter.
Yeah.
Well, but for this kind of branch of the family tree,
the son is relevant.
So this is Reverend Jack.
He's not Reverend Jack at first.
At first, he's a lieutenant in the Navy in World War II,
sinks a U-boat.
Jack, Marys Jane,
who's a librarian and an amateur artist,
they then have six children.
And in the middle, number four is your dad.
And Jane's background is interesting, too.
I know, it is interesting.
She's got, and she was Yale as well.
Vassar.
Or Vassar, yeah, Vassar.
She's an intellectual family.
Very, yeah.
Yep.
Yeah.
Gar was her father.
Okay.
He's one of the school of Prescott Bush.
Interesting.
Yeah.
At Yale.
So Jack goes into the ministry
with the United Church of Christ.
Initially, he's in Galva, Illinois.
Yeah, that's right.
And it was,
Jane gave art lectures there.
Laura, so Bill's older sister
did some music performances there.
And there were, you know,
old newspaper records of this.
Right.
And Reverend Jack was known in the community as,
just like, not only like a pillar of the community,
but also someone who would,
he taught about the importance of understanding things
from other people's perspectives.
Right.
And this is something that,
your dad would later tell people that it's,
this is kind of one of the guiding principles in his life
that he learned was from Reverend Jack.
And so they lived in Galva on this quiet,
tree-lined street,
old two-story house that had been built in the Great Depression.
Bob later would say that there was a certain amount
of education pedigree, but there wasn't any money.
And they would, you know,
cycle through all these different communities
and to different churches.
Bob told you this.
No.
I've heard this from a couple of other people, though.
And Jane would decorate the houses
with watercolors that she would paint.
Sure.
She's good.
She's good.
So, Bill starts to grow up
and he has a newspaper route.
Gets his two younger brothers to stuff the papers.
Right, the newspaper route.
That's right, I forgot about that.
With like little pamphlets and do,
deliver them and Bill takes the money and saves it
and uses the money to buy a TV
that Reverend Jack had been unwilling to buy.
He goes to League Forest,
which is a, you know, elite prep school in the Chicago area.
He goes to Clark Men's College,
which is where I, 25 years later, would go.
And my sister would go, too.
And your sister would go.
And this is where your dance life gets a little bit,
not what I'd expected.
So he is, he is a big party-er.
Really?
A very big party.
Is he?
He was known as a binge drinker, pot smoker.
He, his friends would tease him about his preference
for what at the time were exotic women.
And also his preference for like, you know,
what was, well, they called him Billy Disco
because he really was cool in the gang.
I didn't know that one.
Billy Disco?
That's funny.
One of the things I've done is
I talked to a bunch of his college, old college friends.
Billy Disco?
That's fucking funny.
So they would, you know,
and I get into a little bit about
kind of the extracurricular activities they had.
And, well, you know,
there's like a dingy San Diego strip club
that they would go to that bill would later describe.
I think this is in the emails that you've showed me.
How they would slip dollar bills
into the G strings of heroin addicts.
There is a Vegas was a popular destination
as it was in my time when I went to CMC as well.
Yeah.
And so despite all of his like, kind of wild side,
he was also a really good student.
He was really into finance, even at,
the two things he was really into at that time
were politics and finance.
And he understood finance in this kind of like,
oddly sophisticated way for someone who was, you know,
a 20-year-old.
Well, he wanted to be a sports writer as well.
Yeah.
He wanted to be a journalist.
And so, well, listen to this.
So he, he was kind of getting,
getting some of his buddies in college
interested in stock trading and even in like little,
like very simple types of derivatives,
even at that age.
And how would Bill, who grew up without any money
and was on scholarship at CMC,
how would he make his own bets?
How would he finance that?
Well, he developed a fairly lucrative career,
writing term papers, term papers for other students.
He never told me this.
The way his friend, one of his best friends at the time,
John Shink, who's a classmate of his,
describes it as, it was mostly for some of the more
privileged students there.
And he says, quote, there are a lot of people
who wouldn't have made it through Claremont
if it wasn't for Bill's help.
That's funny.
So, really into politics, after graduating,
he did some campaign work for local Republicans
running for Congress while he was there,
while he was in college.
And after graduating, he lived in Pasadena
with a group of his friends.
And he and John Shink set up a consulting firm.
They produced position papers for a bunch of candidates
and basically for a bunch of Republican candidates
all throughout California.
And, but again, his like, his demons came out at night.
So, why do you say demons?
Because he was into, there's a lot of heavy drinking.
There were prostitutes.
But why is this your drinking with demons?
Why is this demonic now?
Why is this a negative connotation?
I don't think it's, it's not demonic.
It's that, it's an expression.
Yeah, I know the expression, this is your negative expression
to say your demons come out at night
because you like to party, you like to drink.
Well, he was known as...
It's a bit unfair.
Okay.
He, he just didn't know how to turn it off.
John Shink says another one.
Tom Marks, who's another Claremont alum,
and this is a guy, they then moved to Chicago
and this was his roommate at the time.
Okay.
Bill was wonderfully brilliant but deeply troubled.
In clinical terms, he was incredibly fucked up.
He did things by day that were not,
that were in sharp contrast to his daytime behavior.
I'm sorry, he did things by night
that were in sharp contrast to his daytime behavior.
And it, uh...
He's a proper person.
Yeah, he is a proper person.
There's, there's...
And look, and listen, so he...
What's, why is that...
What's wrong with that?
And why was it clinically fucked up
because that is the opposite of clinical?
I think that's a turn of phrase by his friend.
Oh, it's a quote.
Again, that's not my words.
Those are, those are his roommate's words at the time.
Whoever this guy is is...
Okay.
No, this is, this is two or three different people, though,
now who are being quoted.
Whoever said clinically fucked up is...
He said in clinical terms, he was incredibly fucked up.
That's, it's a...
Like, obviously...
In clinical terms, he's really fucked up.
No, that's like a joke.
I know, it's a terrible joke.
It's, it's not funny.
The, but here, look, there's another side to this
because this guy's also, Bill stands out,
your father stands out as the mature one in the group.
And when he says it's in sharp contrast to his daytime behavior,
well his daytime behavior was, he was the responsible one.
Okay.
He, uh, he needed a car to get to work.
Until he just went out and bought a used Mustang.
Yeah.
And it was like, he actually functioned in the real world.
And I can say, I know you can say it's like,
when recent graduates of college,
that is like not normal behavior, right?
It's like a whole, you have to get your parents involved
and like figure shit out.
He was figuring stuff out on his own.
When a colleague's wife died, Bill sent a sympathy card,
which would never recurred to his,
the people he's living with.
And his girlfriend says, quote,
I asked him why, and he said,
because it's what's done, it's the right thing to do.
That's right.
And most of us, Bill was self-sufficient and responsible.
I would hear a lot of that for him.
Cause that's what you do.
Yeah.
Cause that's what you do though.
You would say that often.
Well, he had that going when he was 21 years old.
Yeah.
Um,
Wow.
I've got a delightful little anecdote here that,
you know, it doesn't prove anything one way or the other,
but just interesting.
So in early 1980s,
Bill flies from Chicago to Vegas to have a little reunion
with John Shink.
So one of his best friends in college.
And, you know, they're drinking and gambling and it's late at night
and they're walking back down the strip toward their hotel.
And, uh, two prostitutes come up to them.
And, you know, these are two drunk 22 year olds or whatever.
So they're, uh, prostitutes or maybe 24 year olds.
Uh, prostitutes, uh, walk up to them,
start fondling them a little bit.
Guys aren't putting up much of a fight.
And then the prostitutes walk away and Bill and,
uh, John are walking back toward their hotel room.
Right.
And your dad realizes this whole thing had been a ruse.
The one of the prostitutes had stolen hundreds of dollars out of his pocket
while feeling him up.
And so Bill yells and then starts chasing them.
And he tackles one of them.
He tackles her.
And they are rolling around on a dirty sidewalk.
Bill trying to get his money back.
The prostitute gets presumably screaming until the cops came and broke it up.
That's funny.
Yeah.
Oh, that's great.
Did he get the money back?
He got the money back.
The cops gave it back.
Gave him the money back.
Wow.
Um, okay.
So, and again, I'm just doing this based on the way I've got this structured
right now.
So we're taking a little break chronologically.
That's great.
I didn't know that.
That's funny.
And we rewind to January 1976.
Bill's never told that story.
Never heard that.
Um, so we go, you're born.
Okay.
In Kiev.
Uh, to Allah and Alexander.
Um, I described that wonderful black and white photo that you have of them at the party.
Um, are you going to include these photos?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I mean, you can, you can if you want.
Okay, cool.
That's good.
I don't really know how that works.
I think for these purposes, I think it would be good to be able to do that.
Um, so, uh, Allah was, uh, I don't know if you know how much you know about this history
of Russian Jews in the seventies and early eighties.
Yeah.
I mean, so they, she after get graduate from college follows like a felt a fairly well
worn path gets an Israeli exit visa, uh, goes to first Vienna and then Rome, which it's
weird.
Like I never realized this until I started looking into your story.
Like that's a million other people did the exact same thing.
Not just leaving Russia, but going to Vienna and then Rome and then getting waiting in
Rome for getting those exit visas or is not.
Yeah.
It wasn't, you know, it wasn't easy.
But I heard the stories of selling my grandfather's medals and World War II medals and bribing
everyone along the way.
Yep.
And just looking, going back to like old news stories at the time, you can see people
like in very similar situation situations to your family at the time, like fleeing for
the same reason and following the exact same geographical path.
And so, uh, and in fact, a lot of them ending up in Chicago as well, which is obviously.
That's strange.
Why Chicago of all places?
I think it's just the, I mean, there's a local newspaper in 1978 or 1979 actually, which
is the same year your family arrived there, uh, described it as this is a local community
leader or the head of the Jewish community centers in Chicago told the local newspaper
that it's a mass exodus.
They're all coming here.
Um, so this is where things get a little bit ugly as you know.
And, um, so your mom is working in the Stanley Corsac department store.
Your mom gets a job.
She has two jobs.
One is a cocktail waitress and the other is working in this luxury good store on the
magnificent mile in Chicago.
This is this store is called Stanley Corsac.
Right.
She was selling for coats.
And I think her job actually as far as I can tell was creating displays.
So she was, um, right?
Yeah.
She did the windows.
Yeah.
The window displays exactly.
Well, that's okay.
Uh, Marie, you know the jewels are?
I saw some over on some of those little pop mango pods over there where my phone plugged
in.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The actual.
And also we need to.
Here I'm just going to.
Right.
Okay.
You got to keep a secret.
Okay.
It's off.
Okay.
So we'll just be careful.
Wait.
Sorry.
Say that again.
I'm not mentioning Marie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Totally.
I mean, that's not chronologically.
That's like the very end of the pace we're going.
We'll get there in about two weeks.
Oh, okay.
So we're very careful talking to the camera.
So we don't know who you are.
Oh, I see.
So you.
Oh, shit.
So I, that's actually a good point.
I walked in here and was like, hi, Marie.
Yeah.
It's fine.
I mean, there's no.
Yeah.
Because.
For now.
Well, she might.
I don't know.
It's fine.
Don't worry.
I totally know what you're saying.
And that's not.
Yeah.
We just want to protect her for now until.
We just let my mom.
Um.
All that is not good.
I'm just here.
This thing.
She's not going to see that.
I mean.
This is going to like be what?
Let's do it.
That's actually happened.
It's going to be watched by a lot of people.
But not.
It's going to be in conjunction with.
Yeah.
But it's not like imminent in both control.
Over.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
We're.
I like the word.
It's not imminent.
Um.
But just be careful.
Would you want me to get.
I couldn't get to the cafe.
No.
No.
I just mean.
Like.
I mentioned.
No.
The other jewels.
And all of a sudden.
Like someone.
Honestly, they do.
I.
Marie.
Like.
But it fell.
By the time this airs.
Let's say.
Well, but.
But just to be clear.
In again, the camera's off right now.
So.
Although your phone might still be recorded.
It's still.
Just turn it off.
Okay.
Um.
