I mean these aren't going to be synced up at all, like this is going to be a mess from right?
No, I mean it'll be easy.
It'll be so easy for them to sync it up.
Um...
It's not difficult.
Okay.
Um...
Okay.
Let's see.
Alright, so...
1145.
Yeah.
He gets up, gets himself out of bed.
Okay.
Pulls on jeans, buttoned down shirt.
Rain is falling.
Water dripping down the windows.
Warping his view of the world outside.
So it was raining, I was right.
Yeah.
Um...
I remember seeing rain in Chelsea.
It was raining.
Yeah.
Uh...
Bill's latest Sunday routine of going to the cafe for coffee, newspapers, people watching.
Bill says no thanks.
All leaves.
Not super happy with Bill.
That he's flaking out.
Um...
It's 1145.
Door to the building clicks, the last clocks.
Bill gets the letters from the hiding place.
Put some in Daisy's bed.
Wait, he gets the letters from the hiding place?
They were written in advance.
They were written in advance?
Yeah.
How far in advance?
I don't know.
How do you know this?
Because I've looked at the letters and I've looked at a clock.
And there's no...
It is physically impossible for him to have written those letters
and done what he's about to do in the time allowed.
Have you tried it?
I've eyeballed it.
There is...
He wrote seven letters.
Okay.
Including one that was at least ten pages long.
Right.
Okay.
There's no way he did that in...
And there were drops.
In 45 minutes.
But I saw drops thrown away in the trash bin.
Um...
Maybe he did half and half.
Maybe he wrote some before.
What do you think, the night before?
I have no idea.
Okay.
There were...
Takes Daisy's red leash.
Okay.
Attaches one end to the handle on the front shores.
Arcs the leash over the top of the doors.
Ties the other around his neck.
Make sure it's secure.
Lunges forward.
Okay.
40 minutes after the shoe lap.
All it comes back.
Climbed stairs.
Walks into the apartment.
Bill's hanging.
She calls 999.
Dispatcher says help is on its way.
Goes into the kitchen.
Grabs a knife.
And a small ladder.
Climbs up the ladder.
Slices the leash.
Bill crashes to the floor.
All the world's his body.
She tries CPR.
Doesn't work.
Paramedics arrive at 1231.
Which is three minutes after the radio calling out.
All they find are all a crouched over bill.
Trying CPR.
But screaming too much for it to be effective.
They take over.
And the EMT removes the leash from Bill's neck.
Checks for breathing and pulse.
Doesn't find either.
Clamps on a neck brace.
Inserts a tube into Bill's throat to open his obstructive airway.
Starts pumping in oxygen.
Another paramedic hooks up an IV with adrenaline.
Someone radius for a helicopter ambulance.
It's too late.
One o'clock.
He's pronounced life extent.
All of us manages to say that he'd been depressed
and was taking hard medication.
Paramex being packed in their equipment.
You arrive 10 minutes later.
Paramex tells you that police are on their way.
You're in a haze.
You don't really understand why.
Figure you should document the scene.
He snaps some photos.
Bill's like draped in a white bathrobe.
And his head and neck and arms are all sticking out perpendicular to his body.
Looking a little bit like you've been crucified.
What?
You know?
I've seen the pictures.
Crucified?
White bathrobe.
There's a white bit.
Oh, over on top of him.
His head and neck and arms are sticking out.
Right.
Yes, they opened up...
Yes, food.
I can't remember why.
But yeah, his arms are out.
Okay.
Crucified.
Okay.
Coffee table has the DBTCA paperwork that had come in the DHL package a few days earlier.
Top of the pile is a letter before I didn't brief over you.
You thumb through the papers.
DBTCA, the acronym DBTCA keeps popping up.
You have no idea what that stands for.
Someone finds the letters in Daisy's bed.
Alla, Alessa, Kushka, you, Mom, Anchu, Michael Miranda.
You open yours, single piece of printer paper.
Read the letter.
Stuff back in the envelope.
Nothing really sunk in.
Alla tells you to call someone for help.
It was you, Faisola's number.
You're under the impression that it's a family lawyer, not one of Bill's Deutsche colleagues.
I know.
I say, we need some help.
I say, we need to call someone.
Do we have a lawyer?
Okay.
So I don't want to say that.
Okay, that's good.
And she says, why would we be talking?
We need a lawyer.
The police are coming.
The police are coming.
Who's our lawyer?
Do we have a family lawyer?
It's like, call McKaley.
Call McKaley.
Okay.
Good.
That's good.
I say, who's McKaley?
And I think it was either her phone or my dad's phone.
Search through.
I give it to my mom.
She searched through it between click-solving and stuff.
She stops crying for a minute.
She finds the phone number, hands it to me, and then I call.
I don't remember if I called from the phone or I call it from my phone.
I don't remember.
I just remember calling.
And then she starts crying again when the phone left her hand.
Okay.
Let me kind of interrupt real fast.
Do we have any more light?
We could have a pyramid in chance.
I feel like this is getting a little...
Maybe if we just...
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
How does it look?
It's dark.
Excuse me.
I think we should...
Do you have those lamps that you could put over?
Yeah.
Here.
Let me just pause this for a sec.
Okay.
Is there a pause in my phone too?
Yep.
We'll do it.
This lets me...
Okay.
Okay.
So you call Faisola.
You say, this is Val, William's son.
We need your help.
My dad is dead.
And he rushes over and is there very quickly.
Yeah.
Police arrive.
Your mom is curled on the floor, stroking Bill's head and brushing hair out of his closed eyes and crying.
And you put your arm around her.
I'm brushing hair out of his closed eyes because his eyes kept opening.
I remember she kept closing them.
Okay.
That's good.
You put your arm around her and her crying kind of quiet.
So it occurred to you at that moment that that was the first time you had really touched her.
Not just in passing, since you were a child.
And you said to yourself, well, this is a little weird.
Got kind of self-conscious and removed your arm and walked away and her crying.
And she felt the same.
You could tell she stopped crying too.
Maybe it was just comforting.
No, I don't think so.
It was just awkward for both of us.
Cops come and inspect the suicide notes and they ask you to verify the handwriting.
And you said, you can't look at them.
The cop told them you have to.
And you looked again and burst into tears.
And then the officer hands you another note.
And you turn away.
I'm not going to do it.
He says, just push on.
You don't have to read every sentence.
And so you peeked at each note and confirmed your father had written them,
but didn't actually really look at the words.
Beth, meanwhile, had been in Wales that weekend for her mom's birthday.
It was on a bus back to London.
And it was like just kind of like angry at you because you hadn't been responding to our text messages.
And she was like, what is wrong with my unreliable boyfriend?
And finally, we've had it.
Yeah, I forgot.
Yeah.
This has been a point of some memory problems.
I'm inclined to trust her recollection over years.
I didn't party the night before.
No, you had originally said that you and Beth were together the night before.
I thought so.
And then you reconciled this once Beth told me this,
that you had been with your bandmates and your friends like partying the night before or at a club or something.
Something like that.
Or maybe just recording at night.
I don't remember anymore.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
Well, it doesn't matter, but I'm fairly confident that what I've gotten, we've worked on it a lot.
So finally, you replied to one of her texts and say, my dad is dead.
And her immediate assumption is that it's Alexander who's dead and you'd somehow just gotten worse.
It didn't occur to her that Bill was dead.
And she called you and heard that no, it was Bill who's dead.
Alexander, I don't think I could talk about him with her.
Maybe once or twice.
Her point is that it didn't make any sense that your dad was dead.
Right.
What were you talking about?
She'd just been with your dad at that gospel choir in the restaurant.
So she gets back to London and gets an overnight bag, comes over to Evelyn Gardens.
You meet her outside.
And the police are gone.
The coroner's removed the body.
And it's just like sad and miserable.
And Faisola's over there and his wife Maria.
And at that point, Faisola says, you guys go into your dad's office, like apartment, right?
He's just two apartments.
Yeah, across the hall.
And it says, Faisola says to you, is this your dad's computer?
Can I check some things?
You were in no shape to say no.
And you watch over his shoulder as he rummaged around on the computer.
And I'm noting.
But not again out of any sort of disdain or any sort of concern.
I just was like, oh, what's he looking for?
Maybe I can help or maybe...
So what I'm saying here is that...
Maybe there's a sensible one here that's looking for clues.
Let's focus on this.
So what I'm saying here is that this is your recollection.
And that you told me about this shortly after it happened.
But that Faisola just says it's completely not true.
I mean, I have no way around that.
You've been telling me that all along.
And so your mind is churning.
We're trying to figure out what the fuck just happened, basically.
You remember watching at that point a TV prison drama with your dad.
Where an inmate hung himself in a door handle.
And you and your dad had exchanged puzzled glances
and discussed the physics of whether that was actually possible.
And decided that yes it was.
It probably wasn't even that hard.
And so that night, you and Beth go to sleep in the office.
Or in the other apartment here.
In the other apartment.
And you spend a couple of minutes going through your dad's computer at that point.
And the email accounts are logged in.
And you figured maybe you'd find whatever the secret was that caused him to do this.
Another family.
It's deep in debt.
Like, who knows.
And you didn't find any of that.
But what becomes immediately clear is that your dad, just as of a few days earlier,
had been planning for the future.
There's a Utah ski trip.
There's the Willis.
Did I fall asleep?
Is this after I woke up?
This is that night.
Before he falls asleep.
No, before he falls asleep.
This is the way you've told me.
I mean, but if that's not your memory.
No, I was just asking.
I spaced out for a minute.
I was thinking about something else.
And then I said, before I fell asleep, yes.
I started going through the computer.
Yeah.
And you noticed, so first of all, that he'd been planning for the future.
And second of all, there were just enormous quantities of Deutsche Bank emails in his
person, in his Yahoo!
Gmail accounts.
And even as you're going through the computer at that moment, one final Deutsche Bank email
arrives at 8.42 p.m.
That's about the schedule for an upcoming DBTCA board meeting.
And none of this made any sense.
And you're just wiped out and you swallowed a handful of morphine xanax and tried to
fall asleep.
Yeah.
I was crying.
Yeah.
I actually had written that and then it just felt like such a cliche.
But yeah, I hear you.
You can write it better.
I don't know how to write it better.
It just, like, it almost seems like better left.
I don't know.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Okay.
What's up, team?
January 27th.
You're dead.
Death is announced to the bank by Anshu and Irrigan Fitchin.
The bank sends over a beefy security guy to sanitize the flat.
What security guy?
Oh yeah.
Beefy.
Yeah.
He was a big dude.
And to deal with the media, there's also a PR person.
And the PR person advised you guys to just not say anything.
And there the PR, the bank's goal at that point was to avoid any published speculation
about why your dad had killed himself.
That was the bank's goal, not your family's goal.
And this is something, and you know, I recount some of the dissembling or lying that the
bank did about what was known about your dad's death in the days afterwards.
Is there a split of it?
And it's including to me directly at the time.
Family, friends cycling through.
Alla having FaceTime conversations with the girls, sitting on the floor rocking back and
forth.
You're in a corner, not knowing what you're supposed to do.
You emailed Jenny.
Everything's upside down on sideways right now.
You wanted to flee the apartment, smoke cigarettes, clear your head.
But Alla wouldn't let you leave.
You were so desperate that you kind of cooked up an excuse to go get a haircut and clean
up.
And that backfired, and Alla summoned Alla's hairdresser to the apartment and used to have
your dad's desk and got pampered.
Pampered and got my haircut.
Hairdresser leaves.
Bank security man lets in a skinny tech guy from Deutsche Bank whose assignment, as far
as you and Beth could figure out, was to copy the contents of Bill's computers.
It was very polite in his 20s.
Came with portable hard drives.
Someone at the house phoned the bank to make sure he was really supposed to be there.
The bank confirmed he was legit.
You brought him in to the office.
The guy logged onto the computers and you watched him copy the files of the portable hard drives.
I logged him on.
Yeah, sorry, that's what I meant.
The tech guy also took the papers that had been on the coffee table.
So this is the second person now that is like showing an urgent interest.
Wait, wait.
The papers are on the coffee table.
The DBTCI papers.
Did he take the papers?
You're my source of that.
I don't remember anymore because it would be severe to take the DBTCI papers.
It's almost like evidence.
Well, the police are gone at that point and that pretty clearly is the bank's property, right?
No, it's his property.
The papers are just him.
I don't think they took the DBTCI papers.
I think he just took the drives because I don't remember anyone taking those papers.
Okay.
I don't remember anyone taking them.
Okay.
Yeah.
In any case, this is now the second person is showing some like urgent interest in what's on your dad's computer.
You at that point figured it prudent to preserve all of the digital access to all the shit.
So you copied all down to the scrap paper.
Yeah.
I think if I said that I was wrong or maybe it was miscommunicated or something.
Okay.
That's fine.
It's not a big deal.
Okay.
I'll cut that.
Okay.
So eventually like the media clears out and you are allowed to leave and you start telling your friends what happened
and your friends weren't even sure what to believe.
Like they thought maybe you were just really, really high or that you were exaggerating.
They couldn't believe the story you were telling.
And finally you make it back to your own apartment near a loan and lonely.
You can't get these horrible images out of your mind.
And eventually you turned on, you remember what music you turned on?
I had Johnny Cash and I had the Sinead O'Connor.
Yeah, that's the Sinead O'Connor.
Same song that your dad had been listening to when he was in bed.
Last day of our acquaintance.
Yeah.
The lyrics of this are in the book.
I've listened to that song quite a few times myself at this point.
It's certainly a meaningful song.
Okay.
Off to New York people go, Allah needs the wheelchair to get out of JFK.
She's had so many sedatives and that's like a rare moment of levity later in that week.
You and Alessa and Kushka joke that it's like not the first time you're on a wheelchair to get around an airport.
Well, yeah, something like that.
It was that she was a princess, sorry, jokes.
But not that she was so sedated all the time that she needed a wheelchair.
No, no, it wasn't that.
It was just a melodrama.
Yeah, melodrama.
You flew on February 4th, you arranged to fly in the same plane as your dad's coffin.
Someone needed to escort him on his final flight.
At Heathrow, a board of guard, looks at your passport and realizes you've been your visa's
long since expired and now you can come back.
It was actually more, because I got through passport control and then I thought I was clear
and then there was one more last sort of more casual passport control where there were two guys.
One guy had a podium on the right and he was a Sikh because he had the headdress
and then a white British guy on the left and you have to go through and they were just sort of eyeing you.
And then the Sikh had been looking for me the whole time because as soon as he spotted me,
he was very brash, you, here.
He knew exactly who I was.
So I guess the passport control informed these guys to stop me.
It was somewhere in between.
And then they pulled me aside and searched through my things and I gave them the doctor's note
with all the drugs because they were surprised with all the drugs I had.
And then they made me sign the paper.
They gave me a choice of one year or ten years.
You have all that, right?
And you have the paper.
The plane lands at JFK a little before 10 o'clock and a hurst drives on to the tarmac to collect the bottom.
Memorial service.
Everyone who comes in gets a little laminated card with a picture of Bill smiling on one side
and then Ruffle, Bill Emerson's poem about the meaning of successful life on the other side.
Bob tells a bunch of family stories.
Alessa reads a farewell letter that includes Peter and the wolf and how she would use to pick up his ties.
You read a free lunchroom scripture, which I've got here.
Michael Morandi and his eulogy notes how many hundreds of people are there.
He says that if he's looking down at this assembly, he'd wonder what all the fuss is about.
And then it's Alissa's turn and she reads, stop all the clocks.
She's just going to heartbreaking and she has trouble making it through because she's crying so much.
And then afterwards there's a memorial at the Park Avenue House in the kitchen of Bill.
I forgot to give you, I have to give you my speech.
You never did give that to me.
And there are a lot of guests in the apartment and one of them is Estelle, who is still her brother after all these years.
She approaches your mom and they hug and they both lost their men.
And all the whispers in her ear, they are together now.
Really? Does that make still sense?
Okay. You okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
So Bob Roach has a set of committee that's investigating the Renaissance text.
Does he jump to Bob Roach?
Not exactly.
Don't get excited.
And so they do this investigation and as part of that they find this phone call where,
well they find that Anshu has kind of assigned Bill back in 2008 the task of trying to make, to understand what these trades were about
and make sure everything was kosher.
Cool.
And he had basically said there's nothing fundamentally wrong with the way they were being handled
but he had this phone call with a colleague where he was very candid about the transaction's purpose.
And he says they were designed for tax reasons.
And the phone calls were recorded.
The phone calls were recorded?
Yeah.
Okay.
And the center investigators years later find that record them.
And it's very problematic for the bank because the bank's point was that they're not for tax purposes.
These were the legitimate business purposes and your dad has just been very candid and honest and open
and that is not in the bank's interest being candid and honest and open.
And so a bunch of people were being brought over to testify under oath to the Senate
and were making this argument that they didn't have anything to do with tax purposes
and here your dad was on tape openly declaring that that's exactly what they were.
And so it turns out that one afternoon in the late in the previous summer, so probably August or September of 2013,
some attorneys came from Paul Weiss to the big law firm to London to interview your dad about his role in the rest on the streets.
Right.
And it was kind of a routine interview and their goal was to figure out what your dad knew about the trades
that you guys take on all the documents and recordings that the investigators had obtained.
It's held around the corner from Deutsche's offices and they sat at like a very highly polished wooden table
and the lawyers told him that there's a chance he was going to have to go to Washington and be interviewed under oath on Capitol Hill.
And Bill, he was very polite and forthcoming and he struck the lawyers as terrified.
He had a hang dog look.
He seemed beaten down, world weary.
The meeting ends, the attorneys go back to...
Is this according to Bob Roach?
What was that?
This is according to Bob Roach.
No, this isn't Bob Roach.
This is...
Bob Roach isn't here.
Is this Paul Weiss?
The attorneys?
I'm not saying this is according to him.
This is the way it was perceived.
Okay.
The lawyers go back to Heathrow to catch their flight back to New York and they're waiting in the airport lounge.
And one of them is a phone call and it's Bill.
And he's got a million other questions about what he needs to do next.
The way this is described to me is that Bill seemed to be bracing for a world of shit to land on him at any moment.
He sounded terrified, he sounded slightly unhinged and the lawyers were very worried.
Unhinged?
Okay.
So...
Okay.
Unhinged, so it's...
Okay, I'm just curious.
So the lawyers describe him as unhinged on the phone?
Just out of worry?
They thought he seemed very scared, out of complete...
Completely disproportionate.
Right.
To what any of the real risks were.
Great.
Okay.
So...
You...
A few days after the memorial service, you decided that you needed help.
Taking too many drugs.
It's hard to get drugs in America, at least hard compared to London.
Well, the prescription. Hard to get the prescription.
Yeah, that's exactly what I've got.
Beth is gone.
So you sit down with your mom and your sisters and Uncle Bob.
And you discuss what you're gonna do.
You want to go to rehab.
You want the family to pay for it.
And Ola's less than enthusiastic about that.
And in part because she perceived you as having...
Her perception was that you were being ungrateful and entitled to not interested in suffering in some third-grade rehab facility.
This is her perception.
What?
No, they didn't want me to go at all.
No, I know.
I was about to say, she said that you should just hunker down for a few days at the university club and snap it on your own.
You knew from your experience that that was an unsupervised approach like that would not work.
You wrote your mom a letter on the university club's letter and say, I'm a grown man, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And eventually they agreed to send you to rehab in detox in Florida.
And so you go to sunrise detox.
You didn't take them up on the offer of comfort drugs and so you just went cold turkey.
And it was awful.
And you spend a lot of time in the shower crying.
When you weren't doing that, you were picking fights with the religious fundamentalists who were your fellow patients.
You didn't make friends.
So after 10 days there, you transferred to the Lucida Rehab Center.
Which turned out, despite its advertisements to the contrary, was basically like a construction site too large.
Yeah.
You were pissed off about the subpart conditions.
You convinced some of your fellow guests to leave.
Yeah, I was a total asshole.
What was that?
I was a total asshole.
One day you're about a weekend.
You're summoned to the boardroom.
You show up in a bathing suit to protest the lack of swimming pool.
Tonight.
The staff tells them you're kicked out.
You threw a bit of a tantrum.
The tantrum, not surprisingly, did not dissuade them of kicking you out.
Alessa took pity on her big brother.
You were in a bad situation and needed help.
So she found another rehab facility, Altamira.
And Altamira's nice.
And they're good chefs.
And you got a welcome basket with high-end toiletries.
And I've been here, I've been meaning to tennis with you.
That it was 50 grand a month?
Yeah.
That's amazing.
That's really expensive.
Yeah, I know.
Back in New York, family hired a consultant to advise them on how to deal with you.
I didn't want to be there at that point.
I remember I wanted to go home.
That's all I wanted to do was just go back.
I realized this whole thing was a terrible, terrible idea.
Why?
It was just a bad idea.
Why?
It was a bad time to go to rehab.
I need to be with my family.
I didn't want to do this.
Drugs were much more comforting than anything else at the time.
And I think I probably needed that to get through this.
And I should have been with my sisters and my mom.
I realized this terrible idea.
I kept saying, I don't want to go to rehab.
Let's go back to New York.
It's over.
It's done.
And then they said, no, no, no.
Stay here.
Stay here.
I want to go back to New York.
I was in a place that I lived.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I used that 50,000 years ago.
50,000 a month.
That's 600,000 dollars a year.
It's like 50,000 a month.
Yeah.
It was ridiculous.
I said, this is ridiculous.
I just need to go back to New York, find a place to live and be with the family, and move on.
And spend the year in New York.
Because I had to do a year in New York.
Do a year in New York.
I'm banned from England for one year.
Stay away from the England and we had started looking at apartments
I don't know if you put that in there as well
My mom found a real estate person and had me go with her to look at apartments for rent around 93rd Street
We had been looking for places and then said well go to rehab first and come back. We'll find a place
And after I did the detox in the another ten days at Lucida
Or two weeks of Lucida the fill that was enough. I didn't want to go to Altamira. It was not my
Intention I was not throwing a fit like spend money on me to go to a fancy rehab. No, it was I want to go home
Spend no money on rehab. Let's just
Start again in New York
So I mean you could have surely if you didn't want to go there in the first place
You could have just not gotten on that plane to San Francisco
Yeah, I know I could not because they had a something called sober companion
That my sister and my mom and my uncle hired to fly out to Florida and accompany me to San Francisco
I didn't know that yeah, yeah sober companion
So there's a person that makes sure I didn't run away and didn't get drunk or get high or do anything like that
There's a whole another one of those sub businesses or
Associated with the rehab industry sober companions. So, yeah, they escorted me
Yeah, I thought I told you that
It's impossible you did
Yeah, no, that's them you can go verify that so it wasn't I didn't get on the plane
It was they wanted me to so badly. They hired this person to make sure I got from point A to point B
They did not want me coming back to New York
Okay, so I'm quoting from one of these letters that's important. No, I hear you
Yeah, I hear you and look at make a note of that. Well, I've got we've got notes recording in multiple different directions here, so
Um, sorry, Marie
Yeah, no, no, I haven't yet a great question
Yeah, yeah, but that's why there wasn't an option. It wasn't an option
Yeah, I thought I told you guys sometimes I
Think I yeah, maybe someone else I told but yeah
Okay, so the consultant says quote as you have seen the balance mindset in the past has enabled him to become dependent on not only drugs
But people and to thus not mature
That's a quote from the family consultant advising them on how to deal with you
This is around the time. Yeah, this is March of 2014
Is this the family is this the one that is a genetic freedom? Yes, this is the terrible genetic freedom. Yeah
Yeah, there's something wrong with this woman and my mom there. They had like mobbed up
And she was I never met this person and she was consulting my mom for a lot of money per month
And she had Freeman was not only a consultant for me to go to rehab. She was a therapist for my mom
So everything my mom said she filtered in and then actions were taken toward me
So I was she was part of my list of evildoers
Speed number six resuming
Okay
So
So in consultation with the consultant therapist
Your mom hasn't communicated to you via Altamira that if you're
If you manage to get a job outside of rehab
They might be willing to supplement your income, but they're not interested in funding some sort of itinerant lifestyle
And she instructed the staff at Altamira to inform you that if you left the facility
She would sever
She wouldn't she would stop the money
Well, she'd already stopped
So what point were we at in first month of Altamira? This is March 19th 2014. Yeah, so she'd already stopped money and
She was well, but at this point she's paying $50,000 a month free of rehab, right?
And if she says that if she if you leave rehab, right, she will not be paying you any money
Right, and yes, she has stopped paying you at that point, but she's essentially is paying right
It's not going to your pocket. It's going to Altamira's pocket, but they're feeding and yeah, right?
You know it would be important to make the difference, but yeah
So you were under the impression that you were just gonna spend a month there
But the end of a month the staff told you you can't go anywhere
You stayed put miserable you miss London you miss drugs you miss miss Beth you missed your father and
You found yourself my dad. Yeah, so that
Is that right? Yeah, and you found yourself something like I've snapped in you
Over the past couple of months and you found yourself thinking more and more about your time in foster care
And how you'd been deserted and how your mother resented you and you emailed Jenny. I think it was Jenny
Yeah, it was Jenny you emailed her
Around that time saying it's a shit year so far. It's weird. I cried and felt everything until I came here now
I'm numb and disconnected. Yeah
Later that spring all in Beth come out to San Francisco for family week
It's clear to Beth
That all expected Altamira to just solve your problems and release a clean rehabilitated grown-up
Which obviously is not the way these things work
Yeah, and you were to see them with anger toward your mother your sisters your doctors
Yeah, because I don't want to be this is now the third month. Yep
It's three months at each time. Let's stay one more month
I would give you back your all your stuff and then eventually it was just the kick-bath out of my apartment
Put all my shit in storage
Got rid of the apartment. I mean it was all back in London. This is back in the wild back in London. Yeah, and you and this
Yeah, no, I'm not yeah, I get it. I mean, I can't even really imagine but there's
This is when you have the blow-up at your mom in this group therapy session and all the pent-up rate comes out and
You say that when dad died your worst fears and the secret dreams came true at once
She wasn't
She wasn't in the right state of mind to make these
Big life-changing decisions that she was making and that's why you know
And that was the last time you saw that too, right? Yeah
All is start to know that sir
She was there too, but you left her out. Yeah, I don't have her in there
Um
All is kind of venturing I know not the last time I saw this again, right you saw her in New York. Yeah
Uh
But I'm just not getting into any of that. Yeah, so um
I am uh
Explained how all it kind of is starting bit by bit to come out of her shell going to art classes wearing dark glasses
things like that
Uh
Quoted from some of her emails where she every time like a new public scandal comes to light a Deutsche bank
And on one occasion she writes to someone my poor brilliant bill. What did they make them do?
Um, and she worried about money. She worried that she didn't fit in
The therapist told her to relax
um
Uh
She believed um that Deutsche
owed her
From bill free bills years of years of hard work. She toyed with a wrongful death lawsuit
Uh lured to be in researching those possibilities
um
This is by the time oh and she comes across and concurrently I felt the same
Um without talking to my mom
I was looking into that too throughout 2015. So all those lawyers 2014, right? This is 2014
uh all is
So they've researched this and ultimately there is going to be no wrongful death lawsuit and the bank agrees
to
pay out to her over a period of years
the
And it's several million dollars in payments that were due to bill but that had invested at the time of his death
Um, not the deferments. Yeah, these are deferments
So like his death would invalidate those deferments and they agreed to not invalidate them
And actually gradually pay them out and around that time is when a la gives up this idea of wrongful death lawsuit against the bank
um
So a la and the girls go to main to scatter the ashes
um
The you weren't invited and obviously were
Horribly hurt by that. Um, it's unbelievable
Yeah
But yeah, so going on this is now we're in spring 2014. Yeah
um at
The perception that you had was that your mom was trying to recast her life with you out of it
And that wasn't entirely unfounded and she was telling new acquaintances around that time that uh,
She had two daughters and when it eventually emerged that she had a son too
She would refuse to talk about him describing you as a forbidden subject
Um
You didn't understand why she was doing this and it you suspected that maybe it's because she was hiding something
and it, uh
I'm knowing it didn't occur to you that your actions might have
Also contributed to this. I guess you're in particular your explosion at ultimaria, which I thought that was disproportionate to everything else
Um, I mean I've exploited her before she's exploited me before this is nothing
Well, I think that was a particular explosion. It's okay. They're all particular. I'm not there. No, I'm not I'm not I'm not
Not a sign of blame. No, but I I started believing that it was more than just me. That's why I mean if it was just me
That's an obvious explanation if and I could deal with that. It's not like I was
Fooling myself, but when I look at the bigger picture that something else is happening and that's why I agree more suspicious
I'm not suggesting at all. That's why I actually plan to get into the emails because I had to find out more
Oh, it's funny you say that
It's funny you say that maybe the answers are at least clues. We're hiding in Bill's electronic file. There you go. Okay. So, uh,
We're we're in sync man. They're in sync. I've been listening carefully. Um,
and I'm noting here that
You the you've written down all these the codes as I in the passwords
And they had helped previously helped uncle bob get in for some online accounts and now in ultimaria
You started looking through the yahoo account and hunting for clues that might explain your mom's behavior
and it
so this is where we first learned about in the narrative here about, uh,
uh, Reverend Jack's death, which is a few years earlier
um
And hang out with that an effective bill. I don't know if you remember this email, but um,
yeah
sort of vaguely
He'd been
He'd really sunk into it. It hit him really really hard and
At one point after his so your grandfather after i'm told jack's more or Reverend Jack's memorial service
Bill emailed a friend or a friend even bill saying that he had looked dazed
At the memorial service and bill replied it was a much deeper below than I'd expected given his very long and well-lived life
um
and we know
that
he had been that
bills had been
You know turn into his mom his widow
for very
just
He was really really hit him hard
anyway, you um
You're crying now and the more you read the more you cry and you put on
anti-hiding the black crows
Think of the volume so that other people won't hear you crying
um
You leave ultimaria at the end early early july so you can spend their four months there
You go to silver living house strong in starry manor
um
This is where I would meet peggy. Yep. So you gotta put her in here
Well, no, you met her at all from here. Yeah. Yeah. So now we're in starry manor
Yeah, okay. Um, did you include peggy? So she no I haven't included because I just
We haven't figured out how we're doing that. Okay, um
But yeah, I agree that's where
Um
Um
So here I tell the brief story of spencer. Yeah, spencer Jesus. Um
Do you want to go through this or not really? I mean you know the story I know the story
I mean you and sophie and spencer sitting around spencer excuses himself goes to the bathroom
Doesn't come back you guys go look
Knock on the door. He doesn't answer
Turn open the door to one shut you kick it open. He's passed out the floor face blue
over us and
You cradle him while he while you wait for the paramax to arrive and you're sitting there
Clear as past. Yeah, so he doesn't show up in his vomit and
Wondering if this is going to be the second time any in the year that you've seen in the room of the dead man
I'm obviously noting that he survived, but then a year later didn't
um
Um
So what continues to drive you crazy at this point is you don't understand why your dad did this it's uh
And his death
Even though he says in his note. He like suicide note to you. He apologizes for his coldness to you at times
he
He also he was like a stabilizing presence in the family
He defended you when all of us seemed ready to give up
and now
You're not coincidentally you're already the black sheep and now you're really a black sheep in the family
Why is where you meet Sophia?
Um Sophie
Sophie yeah, that's good. Thank you
um
Duh
She has a lot of patience with you and it and really likes you and it when you yell at her
She doesn't run away. She said don't talk to me like that. I get it. You're in pain. You flash out. I'm not gonna run away from you
and
uh
You guys
Bond and she tries to convince you
That your family doesn't hate you if they did hate you. Why would they be putting up in these nice facilities?
She knows from her personal experience that they're in my worst facilities to be in
If our families didn't give a shit about us, they wouldn't put us here
um
You keep telling her I'm sure we're that simple, but it's really not
But she has a very simplistic way of looking at these things
She's a good person
Um, sorry
So so you keep saying over and over again you want to figure out why
Your dad did this and that there's no way he just like offed himself one day
And so if he tries to warn you off and says no one will ever know
Ask them the question over and over again. You're just torturing yourself and even if you do figure out the answer
What do you do with that information?
You keep looking
um
It started if they have realized what's in these email accounts and there's all this
You know personal information about like all the logistic family logistics and meeting up with friends
There's a copious quantities of spam
um
Which made you
Kind of laughed yourself that maybe you'd like put his email in to get some to get access to a phone website at some point
And then there's all this don't you back stuff and uh, this is where you started to vote in
Let's do your time and energy
Especially given that you knew
That one of the suicide notes had been to on shoe and so that clearly suggests that doge event was at least on his mind at the time of his death
Yeah, and so you start scavenging and it
You know, there are little things that you can make sense of there's clear that uh
You can tell from some of this dbtca emails that your dad is angry at times and like
Especially about the stress tests, but most of this is just golly good. You can't you don't understand
What it means and so this is where I enter the story
um
And I tell the story quickly you answer before this you answer in february
Well, I this it says five months early earlier. I contacted the bell, right? Uh, so there I tell that story and I mention
That just kind of our online flirtations basically over four or five months again provide me shit right and had just like
been
really annoying
You were equally annoying
The constant calls and emails. Yeah, we're gonna go in two days. Well, you know, if we don't hear from you
I'm just gonna write whatever I want. I don't think I said quite that but there is paraphrasing
You at one point. I don't know if you remember this sent a picture of a picture to me
Yeah, like an Ivan picture of a fire in downtown San Francisco. Yeah, and uh, this is a very cryptic you
We knew exactly where you were
Yeah, because we could see in the photos property. So we we located you on the back patio of ultimera. Oh, you did?
I didn't know that. That's funny
Um, oh no. Yeah, you didn't tell me that
Did you do geolocation you you write really was it the tags in the front in the photo? Yeah, okay. I didn't strip the tags
Yeah, that was sloppy. Yeah
Not good not good spike right there. Really terrible spike craft. Yeah. I was just learning
So anyway in july
I was just starting out Tuesday evening mid july it's two weeks after you arrived at starboard man
Are you sending me an email and said are you still looking into deutcha?
And I said yes
And you kind of explain the situation and asked for some keywords jenny strassberg and I sent a bunch of keywords
Um, which I've got to say looking back on them now are pretty good keywords. Yeah, never good subpoena
DOJ
FRBNY that's good federal which we're bringing here good way to start live or christian bittar mori napaski
often good good good job journalists
Yeah, a lot of the troidex in a lot of them I repeat you still send them some of those keywords
Absolutely. Yeah, I
With the with the emissions trading stuff you sent the some similar keywords
uh
So you start sending stuff over most of it was useless
Kind of interesting but like not very useful and then at 1 33 in the morning
On july 18th. You sent the mother load
Uh, or another mother load, but the jackpot one
I professed it by saying don't know what this means, but and it was the letter that's a mere fed
But does you include my strategy of trying to get you fired? No, I did not
That's a that was that was later anyway. No, that was during the time
It was well, it's a little bit later, but it was right around the time of publishing the fed letter
That I realized. Okay. This is the plan. This is my revenge to your wall street journal. Yeah, I'm not
I could use you for this so ridiculous. It's not ridiculous as charles was I explained the whole plan of charles
I told you that you could verify with charles
You explain the whole thing and so did sydney sydney can also verify and peggy, of course could but she can't now
Not a good plan. It was a great plan
It was because there was no purpose to the plan. The purpose was to get you fired. Right. No, I get that
This discredited the wall street journal, right, but to what end just for my own
Just because you want to destroy something I felt like destroying something right, but we had not actually done anything to deserve destruction
No, but I felt in my
It was very angry at the time and I felt I didn't have an outlet for the anger. So I picked wall street journal
Well, it didn't work. No, I didn't go through with it
Because of the sony hack but had the sony hack not happened. I would have gone through with it. I really would have so okay
It's important. I think that's a good part of the story because it shows the anger, you know
I had no direction for it and although it was misguided. I just put it upon you guys
And that's kind of how the relationship
We we continued relationship and a lot of it was out of anger
And you were useful to me at the time as well and obviously I was useful to you
But I also had an ulterior motive and that was to destroy your credibility and the wall street journal's credibility
But I don't understand but you never you only gave you useful stuff
I know because the plan was to give you useful stuff until you stopped fact checking everything I gave you
That was a serious problem
No, but no but at some point if I just keep you giving you great stuff and you
You just okay. This is from val obviously. It's good
You know at some point and when that when that thresholds crossed then they changed a few numbers here and there
And then you publish something and then the stock market reacts
And I write a letter to the editor and I say excuse me, but it looks like I went over this
Spreadsheet and it looks like these numbers have changed since the moment I gave it to david and the moment it was published
In in the wall street journal and then I just leave it alone and let the rest of the world react
That was a plan. I told charles with this plan in the car when he came to visit me
I know I know you I know you did told peggie. I told this is not a not a good plan
I may rather than it's good or bad
It speaks to your state of mind. It doesn't matter. It's a state of mind
And it's also interesting because that was my relationship to you at that time not only
Was you helping me and I was helping you but this was my got my purpose. I hear you. Okay, so
You I think you should include this. I really think I hear you
I don't know why you're just reticent to include that because
It's kind of funny in a way
Looking back is funny. I mean not not so funny to me, honestly, but like
Okay, maybe not to you that's uh state of mind. I was in
Yeah, that's I mean, I think it's pretty clear at this point that you're not in a great state of mind
Uh, so
Um, anyway, we do the story
Uh stock can save it for the the director's cut and you get scenes
Uh, we do the story doge bank stock gets whacked pretty hard and you have a feeling of
Efficacy. Yeah, you did something. I made a difference
Um
Had value
Exactly. Yeah, absolutely. Exactly. What do you had had value and it?
um
Okay, so
Charlie Gimbino kills himself uh that fall
So that's now two doge bank people. Did you get a hold of them at all?
I'm not gonna get into that right now. Um
Yes
No, that's not necessarily yes, uh close. There's uh
Uh
So Gimbino's death to you at the time was like
It was just like fuel for you because it it like really invigorated you not like in a way
It got you it was like it gave you the energy to push forward and like really investigate the reasons for your dad's death even more
And completing that became kind of an addiction for you. Um
Uh, you thought this was a soluble problem
You told me think of suicide as the most rational act a human can make
Then work backwards from that. Sure. It's an emotional act
Which is why many people get lost and explain it away as crazy or unknowable
But if you look at the reasoning it makes sense
Unfortunately, my father didn't leave a reason but he left clues
And so those clues are you're convinced are buried
In these emails and you still don't really know fine entity this itunes u-class
um
Which i've watched by the way
Thanks, you've watched yeah, yeah, um it's pretty good
Um
But still all of this is like pretty murky. You don't really understand this and this is when north koreans
Come into the picture. They hack sony that murky. I mean give me a better understanding
What do you mean like the equilibrium theory parts? I mean live it was no no no no no no my point is it puts you in the headspace of finance
Yeah, it does totally totally it doesn't help with the acronyms and the right exact. That's my point
Yeah, okay, um
And you weren't doing the homework right when I was doing the homework
Well, I mean not the homework for the class but my version of homework
Was just you were just getting this theory and looking forward in the emails. Yeah, um
Okay, sony hack
You see a screenshot on a news story of those links that are in the the thing. You don't talk about
You find the email addresses in the zip file
um
You wonder
Maybe if sony systems are so vulnerable or dutch's too. Yeah, uh
Sitting outside
The starboard manor house on a picnic table or picnic bench
And you know, it's like I've said like why would someone waste their time with sony when you could
Hack a fucking bank. He's made this a lot quote. I'm interested in joining your gop
But I'm afraid my computer skills are self-mortar good best if I can help in any other facility. Please let me know
and it uh
The hackers add either the email list
and
A few days passed and you get a link to all these files. You start downloading them
I said I could help
You said
I'm interested in joining your gop
But I'm afraid my computer skills are self-mortar good best in joining your gop. I'm interesting
It's a typo interested. Yeah, you meant interested. I'm interested in joining your gop. You're joining in
In space joining join the word join. Yes, I'm interested in joining your gop
But I'm afraid my soft my computer skills are self-mortar good best if I can help in any other facility. Please let me know
Wait, that's a severe
Mistake joining the word joining. I wasn't trying to join the gop
I was interested and something else. Let me autocorrect into joining. There's no way I said I want to join your
Let's we let's that's that's interesting. You want to look in your files right now? Yeah, I gotta look at that
Well, no, I believe it's there. I just uh
I just think if I wrote that
I'm interested in enjoying what you're doing is what I remember. That's my instinct
No, I mean it's no. I'm interested in joining your gop
But I'm afraid my computer skills are soft mark at best if I can help in any other facility
Please let me know. I guess I did say that because why would I say my computer skills?
Yeah, I just want to get some water
Yeah, um, yeah, I guess I did say that
um
Anyway, you get the while these files are all downloading. This is a few days later now
you, uh
You suggest
I don't know
I mean, I don't think so
I don't I have no idea
Um
Um, I mean
And then a few days later when these files are all downloading you email them again
And you say hey, you guys ever thought about going after Deutsche bank
There's tons of evidence on their servers of worldwide fraud
Some of them had even contributed to the very sad and tragic suicides of two of their employees. Yes
Uh, I knew immediately was maybe that wasn't the best thing I've done at the time
But anyway, that's the end of that and then you go through all these files and you're like
Posting crazy shit and
You
aren't really famous, but then you get the letter
from
Twitter and from sony
and then you uh threatening you and you share them with me and uh
We wrote a story about this random musician. No one had ever heard of
Facing down david boys and sony and twitter
and uh
And I'm quoting a bit from the fox business exclusive interview, uh, which is wonderful. Um
And it and look this is a moment for you because you realize
That and this is two things have happened
One was your interactions with me about the deutch bank fed letter and then the sony heck and you realize
Like there's this ravenous appetite for primary source documents. We can cite big companies
feels good to have valuable information and
And you know what you have more information. Yeah, and charles levin's now enters the picture
With uh emailing you with some kind of inflammatory theories to get you interested and and uh
You know he finds it very quickly finds excuse to come out to camp california to see you
And I go through that rhythm of role. He says, um
Um
And you wanted to at this point kind of remake your dad's or help your dad's legacy because um
At this point
Was your journal article
So misguided it's not it because not my corner at the time
What in reality what had happened is that the coroner in london had done this inquest
And the public hearing read a lot of very small snippet of
The letter from a psychologist that said bill was very anxious about unspecified government investigations
And that had led to a handful of news stories, including the washington journal. I know
You can imagine from my point of view though. I mean just from a non-journalist point of view
You see the headline brooksman hangs himself over. I guess I just never really understood. I still understand. Anxiety into lever probe
Libor, sorry, lever probe. Um
It just it shows like oh, he was guilty somehow. It shows culpability
I know I get why you don't like it. But yeah, like everyone wrote the same story. I know but you guys broke it
No, we didn't he didn't you broke the story. It's your journal
Uh, you broke that you broke that story in february 2014
I'm telling you. I like remember that very well and we did not break it
It was announced at the coroner's office. Anyway, it doesn't matter. No, but the title that that title was your title
um
So leavenson comes back to california
um
I mean, we don't need to litigate this. No, I'm not just telling you from my point of view
How I thought at the time is extremely clear that you want to destroy it. Okay. Um
You gave uh leaven you as much as it was the institution. I had yourself
Um, I was the vehicle of destruction. I was like the the bomb that was yes
um
The unknown saboteur
And you were the saboteur. Well, you would be done. Yes the vehicle
anyway, okay, so uh
You share but or you let leavenson poke around in the computer files. Yeah, uh, he finds the stress test stuff
And he returns to new york and a few months later does the story about the stress tennis
But remember we had a deal
I didn't just give him this stuff. I we had a deal. He thought yeah, I actually mentioned so you thought
He was gonna do a big big feature on your day. I thought he gave his word that he would do that a few times
um
Okay
um
Uh
Okay, let's see
Um
We have a bunch of stuff that's not of any
Rowan's to your dad. Okay. Was that Deutsche bank? Yeah, it's just lots and lots of stuff wants to go down to the bank
um
Uh, and now we're getting a lot of trump stuff
Okay, okay, then we fast forward
To the bellomar hotel. Okay
And you're sitting on the back steps
Your laptop's going crazy. So so we're in so hard. It's actually hot to the touch
um
June 2015
Six months earlier, you left strawberry manor. So six months earlier being around the start of the year
Uh, you left strawberry manor migrated south to LA
Taking the good ranch and I now know that Peggy did that. Uh, that's not in here because
That was our group, right? Um
This is when you're introduced to larry melzer. Mm-hmm. Good old larry. Good old larry. I love larry. He's a great guy
I love larry too. Um, I am a solution focused therapist
Towards his motto and he calls the patients clients. Um, you told your story to him
um
And we're kind of this is kind of evolving into flashbacks. This is all getting mixed up in our lives here, but um
Can you bring the whiskey over here? Sorry, can you grab the whiskey too?
Okay
Stay out of our shot
What?
Um, no, I'm okay
Um, okay
So
You tell larry that you're on a mission to figure out why your dad killed himself and
See
He said that back is that better
I think it was good actually the way it was. I thought I think it was more. Was it too much? No, no
So you told larry that you're on a mission to figure out why your dad killed himself
But you're being kind of thwarted by your inability to communicate with or get information from your mom
Yeah, um, not least the suicide notes and it
Then I kind of rewind a little bit and explain
Why it is a you're unable this point to communicate with her. Okay. Um
And
You had just like gotten to a point where you both of you could like not control your rage at the other one and
And I quote a bunch of emails going back and forth between the two of you
About you. I mean, frankly like hurling a bit of verbal abuse in her direction and her just being like
I see as I see can be
back in response and
Uh, I mean one in one particularly
poignant
Moment she says I love you and have been paying for you for 30 years
Which struck me as I thought about more as just
Really remarkable because when she wrote that it was exactly 30 years
And she had rescued you from foster care that she had let you go into
and
And now she's framing that decision 30 years later as I have been paying for you for 30 years. Well, that's what mothers
That's what parents do. You like it's exactly 30 years. It was exactly 30 years. Yep. I think she was aware of that
I mean, she's the one who said for 30 years and it was exactly 30 years
Uh, and she was framing that decision now
Fixing what she had previously told bill was her grave mistake
Uh as having imposed a financial burden on herself
um
Uh
She when you ask for a personal credit card
And accuse her of stealing the money that you were supposed to inherit
She yells at you dad left you zero. I am the one who loves you. No more complications about any financial matters. You're on your own
Uh
She perceives irresponsibility and laziness on your part. You perceive iciness and deceit on her part
You guys like cannot interact at this point and you tell larry
That you need someone to intermediate for you and larry cheerfully replies that that's what I do. That's my job
and uh
So he gets on the phone top priorities to get some money from her because you've had that one been kicked out of indigo ranch
um
because you
you were accused of verbally abusing
a staff member who had unplugged your recording equipment mid-session and
um
He so so he goes and tries to get money so you can
For it somewhere nice or not nice, but somewhere decent to stay so you're not the road way in
And all his responses. Why won't he get a job and melts her eventually wears him down
Get you back on a monthly allowance of $2,500
um
Well
Started out a lot less more like $1,500
Yeah
I'm saying eventually
But it had been $300 which was obviously not a viable way to live anywhere. Certainly not in a major city
um
So you get you move in to
I mentioned you were at the roadway and you were hooking up with meg and the drug dealer
And then you then upgrade to the bellomar
um
melts her encourages you
to
Do what you can to figure out what what your arms got
And he also shares with you
His theory about what's going on with a la which is he's gleaned apparently from his few conversations with her and what you've told him
And it's that she continues to hold a grudge against her first husband
um
Uh, she's consumed with anger at alexander and shame with herself because she failed as a mother
Now she's taking out these emotions on you
Uh locking you out of the family in order to safeguard her dignity
Quote it's about her own social standing her own reputation
This is according to melts her
um
This obviously reinforces your impression to what's going on
and all these painful memories going all the way back to foster care and
uh
and
Let's see. I mean it's also kind of from my perspective a bit of a simplistic theory like it doesn't account for
All the other like the the fight at this point was two-sided right like you're you were being really rough on her and
And she would be listening living in a car
Yeah, and she was flying private jets. So yeah, it was a little upset
Volved in there to various not quite to that
Yeah, dude, I I get like you're both hurt. Yes like from like
And she must be feeling really guilty
Just a bit for all this stuff built up over decades
anyway, um
Uh, you had over time been asking ala to share with you
The suicide notes she refused you assumed she was hiding something and there was
You your guess was that it's something to do with what he had written what bill had written to amshu
Which is presumably about doi chi bank
And one of your theories is that doi chi was paying all of it if you quiet about the true reasons for the suicide
And I saw was one of your it's your theory. Well
No, that's not that's really not my theory
Is something that doi chi was paying her off. I didn't think that at first I thought
It's possible that leavenson planted that in your head a little bit because there's
I have seen that in some of the email traffic. You've also told that to me
Like in real time
I always thought that was your theory
Don't blame me for this. No, I'm not it's not blame
It's definitely not my theory. Uh, I mean, I have no idea
But I do know meld surgery that that that you might be onto something there
So
You type in so you tried guessing her gmail password that didn't work
And so you typed into google a question. How do you hack a gmail account?
And I've done that search and it sure enough brings back tens of millions of hits very quickly
Uh, and so you I walked through how you
Like learned how to do this and I then then we reached back to where we'd just begun which is that you're sitting on the steps outside the bellom are
Uh, creating a fake wi-fi spot hot the wi-fi hotspot and watching all the bellomars guests log on and you can see passwords and credit cards and things like that
It's a little scary
um
So
It's time to try this and you get meld surgery to negotiate stala for 20 grand for a car
Use snort some heroin go to use car lot and plunk down 20 grand on a silver outie q5 fully loaded
Quattro
Okay, so on father's day you start heading east
Um, you try to make some money in vegas that does not work so well. That's not what happens to your heroin
I run out and I somebody gets dumped on the shag carpet in the hard rock hotel
So before going to new york
You arrange for the reunion with the bandmates in philadelphia. You're supposed to meet goldsboro and pittsburgh
um, uh
You drive for 36 hours straight. Yeah approaching pittsburgh. It's gotta be a new record, too
36 hours from vegas to first pretty good. What are you doing?
i'm not listening
Come come back. I'm coming. Can you listen to this?
Yeah, so go on. I'm listening. No, I want I want you here for when I'm explaining this because this is
A story that you can tell better than I can
Okay, oh, so you want me to no, I want you to tell I just want you to be here to help me out. Okay
But in the meantime, uh, you're killing me man. You're killing me. You're like
What am I doing?
No, I'm just trying to understand. I'm just right here
Checking the frame. Come on, man. Tucked up
You stole that line for me. Now he says chopped up all the time
I've been saying chop chop for years. I'm actually not sure we're supposed to say chop chop
What's that?
No chop chop is I kept telling you chop chop david. Come on. Where's the article chop chop? So, okay, it's uh three a.m
Okay, you're approaching pittsburgh gas station. You realize are did you leave out strawsburgh coming out to yeah?
I just don't get into that. It's like too complicated. I skip uh hoover dam as well. Okay, um
I'm
pittsburgh
Um gas station
Why did you think the other motorists were plotting to murder you?
um
That was delusional
And obviously, you know very high I hadn't slept for a very long time
So there was a time I outran it wasn't they were trying to I'd outrun a police officer
Somewhere outside of in the border of uh, it's west virginia in pennsylvania. Was that the right?
Anyway, whatever borders pennsylvania and that's where I entered and I had thought that the
Uh, the police officers had called ahead to search for this for because I crossed the state lines
So they couldn't do anything in that one state so they had to call their friends the other state
And since it's like one town next to each other, it's not a jurisdiction. I'm sure
That stopped the police officers from
Uh, Tennessee or the fuck I was going to pennsylvania
So I thought they called their friends and the precinct ahead of me to look for my car and catch me
If they could
so um, and as the delusions were this is getting more and more severe, I thought that uh
I was being followed by off-duty police officers
And they're just waiting to catch me to pull me over if you're doing something because they couldn't pull me over for outrunning a cop
On some other state line because I cop had no jurisdiction
But if they caught me speeding or doing anything else, they had all the right to pull me over and then
Arrest me. So I was trying very carefully to follow all the rules and be very safe
And I had uh, wait, but then you arrive at the gas station. What happens?
Wait, but this is before the gas station, right? But then you get to the gas station because I love the gas station
Yeah, I needed to get gas. Um, and so I told you about where before they got I pulled off to the gas station
and
um
There was it was in the first one was empty
There was no it was closed and so
I tried to get back onto the ramp onto the highway and these cars came out of nowhere and got in front of me onto the
Onto the ramp and it put on its brake lights
And it was a truck and it had a sign on the backs of caution
And it was just a normal caution sign that a truck would have but I read that as the truck was telling me to be careful
And I was like like the driver of the truck was like you have to be careful because we're gonna we're gonna get you
I was like, oh no
so I managed to get back on the highway and find a
Well at gas station
And then when I got to the gas station, we really took over it was so I got so crazy. It's so scary
I was really scared for my life. I thought these people were gonna
Are gonna beat the shit out of me because like redneck fill in the middle of nowhere and
Like they were conspiring and to murder me for outrunning one of their friends
Or it was just this got built up in my head and I couldn't you know, I thought I someone had slipped me up acid
I I remember going to the gap to the mcdonald's for coffee
And I'm thinking is there lsd in this coffee like what the fuck this can't be normal
And at some point I lost the fact that this was either me or lsd or something else that had drifted off
into
into
Memory and what took over and my consciousness was that I was in this terribly dangerous situation
And um, and how are we gonna get people's attention to help you?
I was gonna get people's attention by the same the car and fire
Is my recollection of what you told me is that you were going to ram the car into the gas pumps?
No, but no, I was gonna no, I was gonna set the car and fire reporting gas all over the car
So the way goldsboro
Tells this to me is that he's on the gray hand in the middle of the night
But the reason I had good reasoning in my delusion. I had good reasoning. How's that is that rather than be
Murdered by these redneck cops and their friends. I would be going put into a proper jail
with real police if I had created a huge scene of some kind and then they could I could not be ignored
and then I could not be rather than being uh
Wister it whisked away in some room and murdered
That that would have a huge noise that people that are outside of the gas station would call the police and the people inside the gas station
Would call the police or into strangers that were coming in to get gas would call the police and arrest me officially
So you were witnesses, you know
So you were in fashion. I wasn't it was very bad. Yes very bad. Okay. I was so scared
So I mean it was like
It sounds terrifying. It was terrifying. I'm laughing now, but it's it's funny in retrospect, but it wasn't funny at the time
Yeah, it doesn't sound funny
Okay, so you eventually make it to new york you re up on harrowing
Uh, I was didn't want anyone hurt. So I was waiting for the like the proper time when it would be
You know, there would be no people that would be
You know caught in this explosion or the fire
So I was like waiting, you know, I didn't know what to do and I couldn't believe I'm sitting in the car
Like I can't believe I have to set the gas station on fire. I can't believe I have to do this. Okay. Let's keep going. It's terrible
Well, no, I mean, it's no, I love it. I've got it. Is this how you wrote it? Yeah
Yeah, more or less my recollection in gold's rose recollection is that you were planning to ram the car into a gas pump to cause an explosion
No, I was it was decided on fire
I mean because he's running into the it wouldn't cause an explosion is to have a car hit gas pump
I mean, you have to actually set it on fire. So I don't know why he would say that
Um, it doesn't make sense. But none of it
No, no, no, that is not the that's yeah, it doesn't it doesn't make sense without that also, uh,
It's terrible and I never I mean you heard stories of people going into these drug fuel delusions
I didn't know I thought they were just sort of like exaggerating. I didn't know it was a real thing
And you're losing control of your mind. That's a scary scary place to be. Yeah, it was scary
But in my head, I didn't know it was in control till afterwards which makes it even scary. Yeah, right? Like it's one thing
It's insane. Yeah
Um, I was insane for that time. It was terrible
Anyway, sorry. No, this is interesting. This is kind of a more depth to the story than I previously heard actually so
Okay, so fast forward a couple weeks you re-up the supply of heroin drive to new york
And you arrive at the apartment your mom's apartment building. It's your first time there since the moral
Uh
doorman lets you in
And you ride the elevator up to the 15th floor
Knock on the door your mom looks through the people you have to keep in mind. I didn't sleep for nearly a week
I mean the 36 hours is this this is we're back to no it's back
Yeah, getting to that point of that insanity that I was in I didn't sleep because I had detox myself
Uh into hoover dam. I still could not sleep. It was terrible. It was hard to yourself at about the hard rock
I would say five days or less. Yeah hard rock hotel of no sleep and then a lot of amphetamine
and riddle in that the sub buttex
A lot of it with no sleep and driving. Yeah, so it was
Yeah, that'll do for disaster
I mean, you're honestly lucky you didn't crash and really get hurt. Yeah, I mean, I know I'm a terrible driver too
I don't know how that I just get that luck man. Luck not skill at high speeds. I'm a good driver
Remind me never get me
Um, okay, okay
Up you go in the apartment building to the 15th floor
She won't let you in
This is all going according to the plan you sit down the carpeted hallway floor with your laptop and lay your trap
And then you call the police. Yeah, police arrive
Um, that gets your mom to open the door
she uh
The carpeted floor
It's carpeted in the hallway. Yeah. No, it's not there was a rug a throw rug in sound card. Okay. Um
Um
So cops come
Uh
She says she's someone over if you can't see me now
Uh, or I can't see you now and the cops say
You can go get a judicial order the next day, but there's nothing they can do
But at this point your trap has worked the
Your laptop is intercepted a bunch of data from her phone or computer
And off you go down to the lower east side
park the car on orchard street
There you're sitting in the car air conditioning running
Um
And if you start looking through all the packets then your packet sniffer or whatever it's called the wire sharp
What is it wire sharp wire? Sure. Okay, and
Lo and behold
You find what looks like an email or a password to the gmail account
You get a gmail type in the credentials
Hold your breath. I should de-hash it. There's more process, but it's more elaborate than that. But yes
Well, but ultimately you go to the gmail account and you type in
Her username and then the password that you've deciphered and it
Uh
And you're in
first step
Some more to stay
And you book yourself in to university club
With her credentials that are in her email
So I didn't want to waste time looking for a credit card number because there's so many emails
I don't know how to search through this app. So I figured this is the first thing I saw was the university club's a guess
It's easy to get to. Yep. Yeah
um
It
Because I figured I could just go find credit card numbers once I had a place to stay why waste time doing the car
um, okay, so
um
You get there
You buy some cigars since they don't have cigarettes
Um, right?
Wait, sorry to say again. I you get there. You buy some cigars and live cigarettes. They don't have cigarettes
I smoke these ridiculous cigars. I parked the car in there in their parking lot
That's right. It's disgusting. It's smoking cigars. That's cigarettes. They can handle it
um
Okay, so you start going through the emails and what do you see you see
all sorts of
Signs of them your mom and sisters returning to normal life traveling gossiping
going out to dinner
Doing all sorts of stuff that's not including you
Um, which has got to hurt
You find the wills
Um, you find what looks to you like evidence that your mom gave
Oh, I had the wills before but I found other wills. Yeah
And that you find what you think is evidence that your mom gave
Lots of money to your sisters. Yeah, not to you. Yeah, um
5 million in total
um
Okay, so you're in a lot of pain
I'm not going through all of this right now because it's just it's too much
Um
So still the university club you go back in and you search for two words notes bill
And very quickly you find a pdf
File you open it in there the suicide notes
And you go to the bathroom
And you open the window and you sit in the toilet and you start reading
And
I mean
I don't know you want to just
Tell me how you feel or do you want me to go through this?
Well, I mean, it's how you wrote it. That's what's important
It's like it's more interesting here what you how you wrote the incident with the gas station than hearing me say
That's a fact, David
So, I mean
Sure, so how did you write it?
Um, so first up your mom's letter. Okay, uh, you would the last you had heard
Was from bob at the funeral because that was a beautiful love letter
And this is not a beautiful love letter. It's page after page after page of insecurity anger
paranoia
How he's an alcoholic he even mentions Deutsche Bank
And the role there and how it you know
Why that role was not satisfied?
And it you're meanwhile the room is being filled with smoke
Your word is going to go into the hallway. You turn on the hot water. So now it's all steamy and smoky and disgusting
And one by one you read these notes. Um
There's Alessa and kushkas. There's the one to build mother
There's the one to you, which obviously you've already read
Um
And then at the back is the one to on cue
And this is an important moment
This is an important moment for you for me for the book
And it
Because this is what you've been looking for
And this might have some answers and you read it
and
You read it and you read it again and again
It doesn't make sense why it says his he apologized for being careless. What does that mean? How would he betray it onto his trust?
Um
And you sit there and you cry
You
Okay, up to me you go
Bar Harbor
Sydney the elusive sydney davis
Um get back near briflin
Sources already happy memories
It's quiet there
Start recording music
Um in portland or start recording music
Okay, it's portland. Okay good, but bar harbors the sydney has placed some bar harbor and sag harbor or sorry sag harbor and
Sag harbour, yeah, not harbour
Good, or sorry seal harbour. Sorry seal harbour
Which is about 40 minutes away from brooklyn. All right, maybe i'm just gonna
Just delete the gene graph or the terrain. Um, it's seal harbour. Okay, um
Um, and which is near bar harbour. Okay
Um, and start making music. Okay
You
You did lyrics for no love, which is one of my favorite songs. Thank you
Love do you know no love? It's a really really good song
Um, what was that? No, no
Um
Yeah, i mean i i want to hear some of this music live to be honest with you
Yeah, i gotta
Let's okay, so you also did the art for dead men don't dance the album cover
Yeah, and it's that picture the black and white shot of ala and alexander and ukraine at the party
now you
splatter with these pink spheres
Yeah
It'd always been a mysterious photo
Serious image now no one else can tell what it is either right
Okay
So
What was he talking about in that note doc?
Why did he feel why did he blame himself for all this?
Let me just pause there. Okay, what do we have a plan for meet him? Yeah, I was checking to see if it does
Are refined it's finger seven o'clock
So let me just say I think it is a good song
Um, hold on. It's still good for seven
Or should we make it seven 30 years about to die anyway, so here
I don't think this is gonna fit no it's like different uh, do they change i've got a charger
They change the charger again? Oh, it's a fire
I've got a cool one, but wait hang on. I think we're about to get into like a whole another
Sequence of shit
And I just feel like maybe this isn't the right time to do this
It's not because it's not because of anything bad or like the alarming
Because this is a pretty good stopping point if we're about to go to dinner in a few minutes. Yeah, I think I think we've done a lot
Yeah
I think it was a good time to stop. Okay
You want to you want to turn off the recording right? Okay
