Hello? Hello? Hello? Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Yep, I can hear you. Okay, good.
Hold on a second. Yep, I got you. Let me just find a cigarette. That's the guy I was telling
you about. About what? Give me some context. So, remember I called and told you about this
guy that, for instance, for a very long time has been doing this credit card scam, this
fraud thing he's been doing with people's, like, I'm not sure exactly how it works, but
remember I was like, I couldn't get his last name and I couldn't figure out his first name
either, but I just got it today, found my notes. He wants me to work for him again. But
of course, I said no again. But it's a scam where he adds credit card numbers to existing
accounts or dead accounts that still exist on paper somewhere. The people could have been
dead for years or canceled their accounts for years, but he still has the card and he charges
them, I don't know, $16 a month or he jacks it up to $32. And no one really does anything,
but the bank, it's something where the bank sees it and it's only when the bank spots it
does he stop the, close the card. But when people complain, he says, oh yes, I'm sorry,
we'll take it off right away. But then they never take it off. And generally people don't
notice $15, you know, scattered off through, with a no name, some, you know, ubiquitous thing
attached to it, like global systems, you know, something like that. That's the guy's name.
So he does $300,000 a month is at his peak, but I don't think he's doing that now. I think
he's doing less because he couldn't really, because numbers he was offering were like really
low for something like this anyway. So I figured he just wasn't trying to lowball people.
What? How do you know he was doing $300,000 a month?
Oh God, he came in here and like, because he wanted Marie to paint something for him,
I remember. And that's how we got started on his thing. It was, he started just going,
man, he's like one of those people that will speak for an hour straight and you'll try to
get something into the conversation, but he'll just like talk over you and get, because he
wants to direct the whole conversation for himself. He doesn't realize that you're exasperated
after 45 minutes and you want him to leave. He doesn't pick up on that. One of those types,
you know? So that's how I learned, because he did that to me for about, I mean, 45 minutes,
I would be lucky if I got out 45 minutes. It was closer to two hours.
Okay. So, and so he obviously lives in LA, I guess?
Yeah, he's in LA. He's somewhere out here. He's, uh, uh, they call him the baby mama.
So that means it's his girlfriend's. So his daughter's girlfriend is a woman named Brooke.
All right. What about his daughter's girlfriend?
His baby mama. I just don't know baby mama. I always thought that was the other, I don't
really know the lingo, but his girlfriend, his wife, sorry, no, his daughter's wife, and
they're not married is, uh, I don't know what she is now, but she used to be some kind of
porn star or something. Her name is Brooke. Um, fuck. I want to say Brooke Barnes, but that's,
that's a New York times writer. Um,
She's white.
No, what?
Yeah.
No.
She's his daughter's wife, Brooke, is a porn star.
I was a porn star, but now she's just sort of like a junkie that doesn't, uh, that's kind
of crazy. And she's talks a lot of strange things and says,
I never met her, but, uh, I got secondhand information from someone else that did meet
her. And she said a whole bunch of stuff about, about the, uh, she mentioned, mentioned the
Russian, uh, pay, pay loan, payday loaning thing. I don't know how good her information
is. Cause she's kind of, I mean, apparently what I've heard again, I'm shouldn't be quick
to judge, but, um, especially just someone else's judgment. So I don't know. I, uh, maybe
it's worth digging into later from my own, but she's the one that brought up the fact
that there was, uh, which verified my suspicions that it was something to do with the Russian
payday loaning scam that Andrew actually had figured out years ago. Um, and that's where
they, they'll call you and say, David, uh, or David Coe, you owe us, uh, $2,000 from
a copy machine or printer that you bought, um, in 1999 and you never paid it. Could you
please pay back this, uh, loan we gave you? And of course you never, you never did this
and it doesn't exist except for something that a guy created on paper. And then they
found that 65, 70% of people will pay this, this, uh, phantom fine. Right. And that it's
a billion dollar business today in America. Um, and that's kind of why I put you in touch
with Andrew too, because he's one of his life's goals is to take down these, these people.
And I thought you guys would get along. Um, but it's interesting because, uh, if he's involved
with that, that makes it even bigger, an even bigger thing. I don't know if it's true, but
it's what I heard. Plus it's a problem for you because it's going to make, it's a political
at the end of the, of the, um, at the end of the rainbow. No, at the end of the, uh, what's
the word where you, the food chain is a politician. So that's not going to be good for you.
Um, like an American politician. Yes. American politician. So that's going to make you guys
look bad. Uh, Kurt Weldon? Weldon? Kurt Weldon. Yeah. Kurt Weldon? Okay. I think
Kurt might be wrong. Kurt Weldon is behind. Kurt might be, Kurt might be wrong, but Weldon
is, is correct. The first name I'm not sure. I'll have to look, uh, ask Andrew or just look
online. What is his, uh, I don't know. Oh dude, it's bad. He's a bad guy. So yeah. Like
what is his participation in this payday loan or the credit card scheme? Well, he, he brings
in, he gets permission, uh, permits, not permits. He gets, what's the word where you sort of
allow a Russian to work if you're sanctioned? Um, he gets sanctioned Russians. Yeah, not quite
a visa though. It's something else. He gets the, he's, they're allowed to work, uh, in the
States. Um, but only under the, uh, auspices of the, uh, like a, it gets a little convoluted
here because if you are on a, um, Indian territory, um, Indian, uh, reservation territory, you have
different laws. So you can operate on that reservation under those reservation laws. If
you can claim that you are, uh, uh, you know, American Indian or you can't say Indian anymore.
What's the word? Native American. Yes. Native American. So if you're Native American, uh, and
they somehow got Russians to be, you know, to say that the Russian Native American. So
that's what his thing, he also was able to go to Congress and lobby for, um, looser controls
to, for these companies. And he is so brazen. Like it's, it's, it's, he's got balls, like a
silver set of balls, man. He's brazen. He just goes right there in Congress and just
says, yes, we need less restrictions on payday loaning and payday lenders and in the, and
the weight in their, uh, the, or the opposite of the lending, the, the collection of it as
well. And, uh, basically just, uh, allowing violence, you know, and terrible things happen
to people. Um, so how do you know Weldon is behind all this? Well, it's no secret. That's
not the secret. Uh, the secret is, is who is Weldon also infronting? Um, Weldon does,
does not, he's not shy about saying he's, you know, Andrew's the one to speak to. He's
the expert. I'll ask him. Um, but it's the, it's a Russian he's working in, in, in partnership
with a few, uh, really nasty Russians and the Russians are nasty because they can, they
come from a very specific crime family. Um, and there was a recent, um, there was a
recent, uh, there's a recent, uh, something in New York with this. Let me see. I wrote
it down, you know, I didn't want to forget this. So hold on. Um, where do I write it
down? You know what? I wasn't that prepared. So I just, I'll get it for you later. But I
wrote down the name of the family, the Russian family. Uh, it's not McGill, McGill, McGill,
it's a different Russian, uh, gangster family that was very hooked into this, but, uh, Weldon
helps them make billions of dollars. And Weldon himself is now a billionaire, um, through
this, through this exact, uh, this thing. And the people that get hurt are just the everyday
people that don't want to get in trouble. And they believe that they owe someone a thousand
dollars. Cause they said, someone calls them on the phone and says, you owe us a thousand
dollars. They're like, Oh, okay. I'm so sorry. And we pay you back.
Um, and those that don't and say, no, I don't, um, I don't owe you money. They get,
um, stocked up to the point where they're like, what happened to Andrew and say, well,
we're going to come over and rape your wife. Shit like that. Right. And it gets bad. It's
really bad. And it's rampant.
If I, if I, if I understand it correctly, um, Kurt Weldon, who's a congressman, is he
a, uh, past reps?
Again, uh, do you have a computer? Hold on. Let me just load up my computer. Um, again,
Kurt might not be the right, Kurt could be the wrong name.
Oh, I can look them. I can look them up later. If you don't, I'm just trying to get as many
details as I can. That's okay. I got my computer. So it's okay. It's working on her. I mean,
I'm, I'm looking at futures tanking right now, so I just don't want to go on this computer
cause I want to watch myself lose more money today. But hold on a second. It was a really
bad idea. The fucking Dow Jones just went through the roof. Um, right after Trump's COVID thing,
I thought it was going to go down. So that was bad. Um, let me see here. Weldon. Um, I have
notes on it. Welding and machine money laundering. Oh man. Oh, can you guys, if I, if I ever
do work for you guys, can you give me a new computer? I mean, we're, we're talking about
a lot of you. No, I'm sorry. Just the damn thing to shut down on me. Hold on. I need a
new battery. Um, yeah, there's a lot here. There's a lot here. Um, and it's, this is, I've,
I got the bottom of the food chain. Well, actually more of a middle manager guy. Uh, the bottom
of the food chain would be the guys that collect the money. But this, uh, the guy I just met,
um, well, not just met, but, uh, just, uh, in talking about now, Rick Cohen is a middle
manager. Um, so the higher up guys would be the Russian, um, the Russian sort of on paper,
the owners of the different companies. And it's all actually at the end of the day, it
all goes to one company, one, but it looks like there's a lot of different companies. So
they have a monopoly on it as well. And Weldon is the guy that allows this to happen. Weldon
and, and, so, is he Weldon in Congress? He might be Congressman. I think he's not a
Senator, but I could be wrong. Oh, Congressman Weldon, Florida. Kurt, it is Kurt. I was right.
Kurt Weldon. Okay. Kurt, Wayne Curtis Weldon. Yeah. Um, wait, there's a Senator, Senate
Judiciary Committee investigating Kurt Weldon. Okay. So they started investigating him in
2018, but that never went anywhere with an FBI probe. Yeah, I got it. Yeah, that's right.
And the Atlantic, I'm going to forward you this article from the Atlantic. It's good. Um,
but the guy you want to talk to, who's got extensive notes is Andrew. He is the man on this
and he, I don't know if he wants to tell you though. Um, but I will ask him. I'll ask him
first. Um, are you still there? Oh, I just got a missed call from you. What the hell? Oh, my phone
died. Shit. I'm talking to myself now. Hold on. I mean, why am I telling you to hold on? You're not
even on the phone? All right.
Tch, tch, tch, tch.
Okay.
Tch, tch, tch. Tch, tch. Tch, tch. Tch. Tch, tch. Tch. Tch, tch. Tch, tch, tch. Tch, tch, tch, tch. tch. Tch. Tch, tch. Tch, tch tch. Tch. Tch. Tch, tch. Tch, tch. Tch. Tch, tch. Tch. Tch, tch.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
