Hi, Nick, can you hear me?
Yeah, hey, can you wait one second while I finish an email?
Yeah, yeah, of course, of course, yeah.
Okay, hi, Val, how are you?
Hey, Nick, I'm okay, how are you doing?
Fine, I'm closing my section, it's a little busy, but let's talk.
Okay, so I did what I told you I would do,
and good grief, I spent about four hours doing this,
and I was up very, very late, so I just bear with me for a moment
and we get all this stuff together.
You cut out, I lost you after four hours.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, yeah, sorry, yeah, it took me about four hours to do this,
and I went through the entire article, just sort of line for line,
and I made notes on the ones that I felt were either inaccurate mischaracterization
or just not true, or, and I don't know what,
and again, I don't want to come off like a guy that's complaining about,
oh, I'm like, you know, you guys treated me badly,
that's not what I'm doing here.
Or maybe, again, like, maybe it is a little bit, but not 100%.
This is an aggregate of issues here.
And I just wanted to bring up one thing that you said yesterday before I start,
is that you told me, you said,
when I asked you about the credit card fraud, and I said,
well, there's one, I'm not a credit card thief,
and then you said, but aren't you, though?
And then I thought about that, and he said, well, what do you mean?
He said, well, that's kind of the crux of your character here,
is there someone that is an unreliable narrator,
down on, sorry, what was the thing you said?
Unreliable narrator or unreliable character,
but it's something that represents who I am.
And I said, well, that's based on just because one credit card,
my mother's credit card is the only credit card I've ever used in my entire life.
And he said, yes, that does, that's accurate,
and that is the basis of your quote unquote character.
And I thought about that, and I'm like, Nick,
and he's already made up his mind about who I am,
and I thought, wow, that's what the rest of the world is doing,
exactly what you're doing.
So based on this article, someone that does-
I don't think I would agree with that,
that I've already made up my mind about who you are,
and I'm not sure that that's exactly what I said.
But the comment to say, but Val, isn't that-
but aren't you though, right?
The comment just because I was your instinct told you to say that.
We're saying that, yes.
Yeah, so your instinct, you had an impulse to say that.
You didn't think it through, you had an impulse and you said it first,
because that is what you believe of me,
because the way you've already assembled who I am as a person in your head
is pretty much this person that David has described,
and that is the problem I'm having.
The rest of the world is going to do the same thing,
and that's a huge issue for me.
Because you don't know me, and it's not me,
and I can tell you that over and over again,
but it's already too late, you've already decided in a sense.
But of course, with different variations, you can change your mind,
but you have a pretty core sense of who you think I am.
And this is a problem, and that's why I want to go over all this stuff with you.
Well, Val, with respect to that, I mean,
I have to have a sense of who you are,
but it's not because of one detail in a story.
It's because I've talked with David extensively about this,
and we've gone through many drafts, which discussed this story.
I've read up in other ways.
So, you know, we only spoke in this is the second time we've ever spoken.
So I know some things about you, some things I don't,
but I think you might be a little fixated on that one detail
and a pretty long piece that goes into some depth.
I don't think I would agree with you that it's...
But it's just an example.
It's just an example, Nick.
I'm just giving you one example of many,
and that was just one thing that sure showed me
how people make up their minds on people very quickly,
and this is the issue I'm having with the article.
That's it. I don't put it all on you saying,
this is what you believe. I'm not saying that.
But I do understand where you're coming from.
I wanted to tell you that it's neither right or wrong
just to keep an open mind.
Really, you know?
Okay, cool.
So let me start with David didn't fact check with me.
So I asked him, are we going to do a fact check
about I think this was Sunday or Friday, maybe Saturday,
sometime in the weekend before you publish?
And so we've already done the fact check.
I said, what are you talking about?
So we did the fact check when I was here in 2015,
sorry, in 2019, January.
I said, well, David, that doesn't count.
It's pretty much exactly the same as the story
we went over in January 2019.
So that's part of the problem.
Had we done a proper fact check,
I would have told him about that $1,000 versus $5,000 thing.
And many of these other issues.
I'm still waiting for you to point out the fact
that's wrong in the story.
I don't.
Okay.
As far as you're aware, yes.
So I'm going to change your awareness.
Ready?
Okay.
Number paragraph one, an unemployed rock musician
with the history of abuse and credit card theft.
Again, this is where we're going back over the same shit,
but this is the same thing.
Unemployed rock musician is inaccurate.
I am a musician.
I am employed.
I have a company called Bikini Robot Army Productions.
I am self-employed.
I make money from royalties monthly.
You know what a royalty is, I'm sure.
That's part a is inaccurate history of abuse.
Of course, that's I'm not contesting that.
But credit card theft, again, is misleading and mischaracterization.
And in my head, one credit card stolen from my mother is not,
does not equate to credit card history of credit card theft.
Technically, yeah, of course, it's just like saying, you know,
whatever, I can give you a bunch of ridiculous examples,
but you know what my point is.
And there's no point in going over the whole thing again.
But I just want to make that clear.
And is that okay?
You got, can you hear me?
I can hear you.
You just said a lot of things.
I'm actually not sure which particular thing you're asking me to respond to.
Oh, whatever.
Well, I guess the number one, I am employed.
I have my own company, Bikini Robot Army Productions,
and I am paid with royalties.
Royalty checks monthly from one to two different tune core.
And what's the other one?
I can't remember the name of the distributor,
but there's two different distributors that pay me.
So that is, I guess, technically not factual.
And again, I guess you want to start with that?
Sorry.
Sorry, I talk over.
I'm so sorry.
Just tell me to shut up if I start talking too much.
No, no, no, no, no, this is fine.
Well, let's try to be organized about this.
So that's, I mean, if you, if you're disputing whether you were,
yeah, the time of this meeting in a lead unemployed or not,
that is something factual that we can look at.
The best way to raise these factual points is an email to me.
I mean, the only thing is it's 508 on a Friday,
East Coast time right now.
So this piece has already been online for,
oh no.
This is the fourth day, and it's going to print press
very, very, very shortly.
I know that's why I want to talk to you so quickly.
That's why I'm, yeah.
I want to hear absolutely every,
every objection you're making in terms of the factual accuracy
of the piece.
Yeah.
That's, but do you see Nick?
What I'm saying about is whether it's,
Sorry.
Fortunately, the best way to do this is on email.
You know, you can be very, very clear,
but we're also running out of time.
I know that's a problem.
That's a problem.
But that's why if we can, if you sit down,
if you give me like 30 minutes,
I'll go through all of it and then I'll leave it to you.
And I won't argue with you.
I'll just say this is, I'll leave it in your hands.
You know?
Okay.
Right now you're saying you were unemployed.
You were self-employed.
You had a company.
Yeah.
And you were royalty checks.
Yeah.
Are you hearing that roughly, correctly?
That's exactly it.
Yes.
But it's not had a company, have a company, still do.
Well, we're talking about a line and a piece where this is action
taking place in what you're earlier, earlier this year.
Okay.
It's not that far away.
Yeah.
That's good.
Let me make a note of this.
Okay.
You know, anything you say, I'm going to check with David,
we're going to check independently.
Sure.
And make sure that our piece is totally accurate.
Of course.
Let's move on to the next one.
Okay.
Point number two was the credit card theft with a history of credit card theft.
A history of open abuse and failure.
Well, you have a history of credit card theft.
I don't, you're not going to get any satisfaction here.
Okay.
I'm just telling you that's the one thing.
You have a credit card and it's not, I know that's how you don't want to,
you don't want to look at it that way.
Yeah.
I got you.
I just want to make it known and make it clear.
And it just, unfortunately, there's no way to non-pluralize credit card theft.
Sorry.
It could sound, it's a plural statement, you know, no matter how you look at it.
You know, so that's a problem.
The American, with the English language, I guess.
But anyway, that's number two.
Number three, where my Deutsche Bank, I felt that, where Bill B,
sorry, look at my notes, paragraph three.
Okay.
So it's, I just wrote down extremely reductive way of describing my father's role within
the bank.
He was a chief risk optimization officer.
David writes that my dad was a, David writes, they talked Deutsche Bank.
Are we talking about the third paragraph of the story here?
Yes.
They wanted to talk about Deutsche Bank, one of the world's largest, most troubled
financial institutions.
Third paragraph?
Yeah.
I'm reading it.
Yeah.
Since late father, Bill had been a senior executive there, and his son possessed the
cash of confidentiality.
Okay.
So I wrote that this was a way, too reductive, that my father's role was other than a,
instead of saying a senior.
I want to hear, I want to hear anything in a way, which I started with an anchor, but
if not, you're going to edit our story that's online.
I'm not trying to.
Again, again, Nick.
I need to be very clear with you.
Yeah.
Nick, I'm not, I'm not trying to.
Given how short time is.
Yeah, sorry.
Given how short time is, I'll be very straight.
Yeah.
I want to know everything that might be faxed along with the story, but this piece has
been up for so long, even if it's only been up for one minute, you will not edit the story.
I know.
There's no point at which you say that, you know, if we say, if we said that a, that a
pizza was warm and you prefer us to say that pizza was hot.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Dude, you got me, dude, you got me pegged wrong.
I'm not at all trying to do that.
I'm just wanting to say that my father was a chief risk optimization officer.
That's his title.
That is a senior executive.
Okay.
So that's accurate.
That's it.
Okay.
Fine.
That's all I'm trying to say.
If you know, I'm not, I don't want to argue that with you.
It's, I just thought that was a, an issue.
Okay.
Paragraph four.
One, two, three, four.
Sorry.
Trump and DB.
That's, I never mind.
No.
Number five, David introduces the FBI agents without explaining the direct quotes.
So my, my problem here is that, uh, I guess David told you how we got these direct quotes,
right?
I would rather not talk about the particulars of any of that.
Uh, well, that's, it's an issue for me because, uh, I guess I don't know if people, if someone
has a proper, you know, uh, what's the word, uh, uh, deductive reasoning, they can say,
well, how is David possibly quoting, uh, the FBI agents?
He wasn't there.
Um, and Val, maybe did he take notes or was it recorded?
Right.
So clearly.
A reader might wonder why there is verbatim dialogue from a, from a closed room.
Precisely.
So that, that's a problem for me that could, uh, put me in, get me in trouble.
Uh, sorry.
Let me, somebody keeps calling.
Uh, uh, hello.
Can you hear me?
Hi.
Oh, sorry.
Uh, and, and he said, hello.
Hello, Nick.
Can you hear me?
Oh no.
Nick.
Nick.
Nick.
Sorry.
Can you hear me?
Uh, give me one second.
I, I, I gotta put you back on.
I'm sorry.
One second, Nick.
Hold on.
I gotta fix this.
I put you back on, uh, the speaker so I can, can you hear me now?
Nick.
Now I can hear you much worse.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Uh, is this any better now?
Hello.
Yeah.
That's good.
Oh, perfect.
Good.
Okay.
Uh, so, so that was an issue for me that could get me into a lot of trouble.
I don't know if I have anything, any say that.
Is there any way around that?
Uh, I don't know.
I just wanted to let you know that that was kind of an issue for me.
That's it.
So my understanding is that we were a bit awkward or something.
I don't want to discuss.
I know.
I know.
It's tricky.
David's sourcing on a call.
I assume you're recording this and I don't want to say anything that, you know, you understand
how closely journalists keep their sources of information and I don't.
I am the source, but I'm telling you, I am the source so you don't have to hide.
I mean, everyone knows it's me.
I'm the source, but I am afraid that that is people keep texting.
Okay.
But I'm afraid you want to, if you gave this dialogue to David, did David not have permission
to use it?
No, I gave him permission to use.
Oh, wait.
What is your objection here?
No, my objection is, uh, is there a way to disguise with and still tell the truth?
Uh, this my sourcing that I'm the source of this one.
Okay.
I'm not going to edit it because of your, you know, just things you would prefer.
Second, just candidly.
Yeah.
Uh, if we think to change, it would bring so much more attention to that.
Right.
Right.
Right.
With that thing, the Streisand effect.
Right.
Okay.
You draw attention to what you hope not to.
Yeah.
Uh, people look for changes to New York Times copy.
Um, I got you.
It's really moving.
I'm not going to be editing this piece because of a preference that you have.
Okay.
Again, didn't have to say that, but I get it.
Um, I get it.
All right.
It makes sense.
All right.
Um, and I didn't think about that until you just said it and that actually makes perfect
sense.
All right.
Um, let's see.
For five years.
Okay.
So this one's where it sort of starts becoming more subjective and offensive.
So for five, for more than five years, Val Brooksman, this is paragraph.
Sorry.
Uh, I got it.
I guess like numbers five or six.
The quote is for more than five years, Val Brooksman has been dangling his Deutsche Bank
files in front of journalists and government investigators.
Quote, dreaming on becoming the next great American whistleblower.
I've never said anything.
I've never said that to any human being in my entire life that I've never even crossed
my mind to become the next great American whistleblower.
That is very, very strange thing that David would write.
It's very, I don't know what to say.
It's just like the beginning of, uh, of this sort of painting, uh, the terrible picture
of me.
Um, so I take great umbrage with that.
Um, number two, you want, uh, Val quote unquote, dot, dot, dot.
Val wants to expose what he sees as corporate wrongdoing, give, give some meaning to his
father's death, dash, and maybe get famous along the way.
Okay.
I'm still like shivering with anger when I read that now.
Number one, I never wanted to expose any corporate wrongdoings.
That was not my goal.
All I wanted to do was solve the mystery of my father's death.
That's it.
I had one goal.
There was no like, let's expose Deutsche Bank and drop JP.
No, none of that shit.
I didn't care about that shit.
All I want to know is why the fuck did my dad kill himself?
That's it.
All right.
My intention was to solve this, this, this murder that I thought, you know, at that time,
I thought he was murdered.
So it really is.
And that, and that last sentence, get famous along the way is so infuriating.
I never, anyone that knows me never will never say that wants to be famous.
I'm like, this, this famous thing is, is really, uh, if anything, the projections of David putting
it onto me, if anything, I mean, I can't believe that he would say something so ridiculous.
And absurd.
Um, and I'm sorry, I'm, I'm, I'm, yeah, sorry, I'm, I'm angry.
Sorry.
Yeah.
You know, these are, this is legitimate complaint.
I think, you know, we should, you should write a letter to the editor.
You should, you should say that you, that you can do this.
Um, sorry.
I'm just getting that.
I get angry.
Sorry.
You can, you can take to Twitter and say that you, you know, you disagree.
Yeah.
Strongly with this characterization.
Um, you know, and I think, um, yeah.
It's certainly, you know, you, you have options that you're at your disposal and disregard.
Okay.
And so I'm just bringing that up to you.
And so I did not know I had options and, uh, I'm, I do know obviously Twitter is an option.
I just didn't know I had a, you're not the editors.
If I write a letter to the other, which I would love to do, can I give that to you?
Is there a way to jump this queue a little bit?
There's a, there's a, there's a, there's a single inbox.
It's just, uh, letter to the editor is just, you're pretty sophisticated media consumer
about it.
I'm surprised that you're not familiar with that letter to the editor.
Yeah.
I've never done it.
So I've never done it before.
It's a large address that anybody can email.
Is there a way to jump the queue?
I'm asking since the story just came out and, you know, if it's like a five months later,
no one's going to care.
Whoever, whoever edits that, that, that thing, the space where we run letters to the editor,
they read every, every note, there's, you know, they, they're, they're pretty, they're
pretty good.
I'm sure.
Um, so I wouldn't worry about being down, down in a queue or something.
Okay.
Then I'll give that a go.
Um,
Letters at NY times.com.
Uh, let me just get a pen.
Oh, I can remember that.
Letters at NY times.com.
That's easy.
If you Google it, it comes up immediately.
Okay.
All right.
Perfect.
Um, uh, okay.
So I got through that one.
Um, I pulled, okay.
Uh, and maybe get famous along the way.
I got that.
I pulled them more than anyone.
So David says, um, uh, in gosh, was that paragraph seven?
Uh, we've got your holding documents.
Should David says, basically, he said, quote unquote, he pulled, I pulled them more than
anyone saying he pulled my strings more than anyone.
Um, and I just had took a problem with that.
So what I wrote here was an egotistical sentence, self-elevating and highly condescending words.
Again, showing David's inner workings more than mine.
Um, just this, this, this is the characterization of me is getting more and more, uh, uh, reductive
to, uh, a point of a cliche now.
And paragraph eight, he, uh, talks about my drug use and he says between manias and stupors.
And I completely inaccurate.
I challenged David to show me one mania and one stupor.
Once when he, I've spoken with him.
I, I don't know where that comes from.
It infers that I have this sort of, uh, uh, this bipolar ish mood swing person, which I am not and never have been.
And that is sort of another mischaracterization.
Um, it's sort of a, you know, okay.
The quote, he has a maddening, same paragraph.
There's a maddening habit of leaping to outrageous conclusions and then bending facts to fit Farfetch theories.
He fantasizes about seeing his story told by Hollywood.
And I sometimes wonder whether he's manipulating me to achieve that ambition.
He can be impatient, erratic and abusive.
That's mostly right.
Yes.
Of course I can be impatient, erratic, abusive.
I do bend facts to fit Farfetch theories.
Um, but fantasizing about seeing my story in Hollywood.
Sort of, uh, this works only to, uh, cement this fame seeking person that he started a few paragraphs ago.
And that is the one that really bothers me.
Um, uh, it's, it's, it's misleading.
It's a self grandiose intention.
It's full, it's full.
It's, there's something I can't quite put my finger on it.
I don't know how to describe it, but it's, look, okay, Nick, when David came to see me before there was a book,
before there was, uh, the New York Times okayed the article the first time around a year ago.
Uh, David came to visit me in Los Angeles and he, uh, said,
we're talking about my story and says this would be a perfect film.
This would be a great idea for a Netflix series.
And I said, yeah, of course.
So he signed, he gave me a book of his, the library book, a hard copy because I requested one.
And he signed it for me and he wrote, um, uh, where is he, I wrote it somewhere.
Let me get it to my little library.
He wrote to me just to show you that this whole Hollywood thing is not me.
Val, enjoy the book.
I can't wait to tell your story and all the cinematic glory that it deserves.
This is during our conversation.
That's, I have it inscribed in the book that he gave me.
Okay.
So he's been pushing this Hollywood thing way before.
You did not have any Hollywood dreams and there's more David's Hollywood dreams than, than yours.
I'm saying, I, everyone has Hollywood dreams, but I'm saying mine are no, uh, no greater or less than anyone else's.
That's it.
Um, and it's not something that needs to be, uh, pushed.
All races with, with David want, you know, my understanding from him is that one of the reasons you had moved out west was to, I think as we say in the story,
turn up Hollywood interest in your story.
Yeah.
I, I, I, you know.
That's fine.
That's perfect.
I know that's perfectly okay.
That sentence was okay.
Cause that is true, but the characterization, because the characterization
may be getting famous along the way.
Yeah.
But that's, that's the way that's, you know, of course everyone was like, Oh, well, life will be like if you're famous, et cetera.
This is a common, uh, notion amongst every, every human being basically, but, but the character.
I understand.
Are you saying that it is accurate?
No.
No.
One of the reasons you moved to LA was to turn up Hollywood interest in your story, but you were not interested in getting famous.
No, that's, of course, of course, no, of course in fame comes along with that.
No, that's not what I'm saying.
I'm saying that is accurate, but the characterization and the repetitive nature of saying this guy wants, all he wants to be is famous.
That is a pejorative that is, uh, constantly, it's a theme in this, uh, article.
I mean, it's, it's, it's almost every third paragraph.
There's something about Val's trying to push his own agenda of being famous.
I mean, it's like, what the hell?
I'm not this, this is disturbing.
It's, it disturbs me.
Okay.
And I just want to point that out that it's like to dwell on that over and over again is really, it gets sticks in the back of someone's head and say, Oh, this is one of those fame seeking assholes, you know, which I am not.
Um, you can, uh,
Before we move on, you know, you raise this line.
Um,
Um,
Where is it?
Um,
Um,
How raiders conclusions, bending facts.
Um,
Yeah.
You know,
There's also this thing about, uh, a brokerage account.
Um,
Yes.
So if I look at your Twitter page right now, am I going to see a screenshot that is that you claim is,
Oh, that's a joke.
Yes.
Because David wrote, he knows it's a joke.
I mean,
You know,
Yeah.
I think David's concern is that, uh,
Very few people will think that it is a joke and that, um,
Well,
He certainly didn't take it as a joke when you were originally telling him about it.
Uh, he thought that you were being serious.
I mean, he, he, he thought what we described in the story.
Yeah, I couldn't believe that.
That was, that was astonishing to me that David thought that I actually had done that.
But, you know,
Whatever.
What can I do?
And in this,
And if you read this article,
I think anyone that has
Is your,
Is your tweet still up the one saying David is insider trading on all this stuff?
Yeah.
But that is pretty,
Yeah.
I'm going to be honest.
It's pretty shitty, Val.
What?
But David said it was hilarious.
He tweeted to me.
Hilarious.
He thought it was funny.
Did he really?
Yes.
As soon as I put it up,
I have it right here.
Hilarious.
I've got it there.
Is he being sarcastic?
No.
He's being sarcastic.
Because it is funny.
Because in them,
And the first thing you read about is Val tried to set me up in this thing.
And that's kind of a funny story.
It's a funny incident.
I get it.
So then I put a fake,
A thing.
So here,
Here's David's thing with a smiley face.
It's,
It's like jokie.
It's funny.
That's why he said,
I have it.
I'll show you the screenshot.
Whatever you need.
It says hilarious.
All right.
Well, yeah.
I mean,
If he's texting you that it's hilarious.
And he,
He's been emailing me saying that he's concerned that people won't think that you're kidding.
Because Louis freaking meant,
I didn't realize he had texted you something that was hilarious.
Yeah.
I would kind of guess that he was being sarcastic.
Yeah.
You know,
Don't pull my leg like this.
But,
No, no, no, no.
That's really for you guys to,
To work out.
Yeah.
You just want to say that I consider it shitty.
And,
You think that's shitty.
You're concerned about people believing you and,
And thinking highly of you.
That's,
Okay, Nick.
Nick.
I get it.
I get it.
I get the opposite.
Thank you, Nick.
You should be doing.
I thank you for your ethical standpoint and showing me what that is.
But if you think it's a matter of taste of humor,
And David got it right away.
And I think a lot of other people did.
I'm happy to put up another statement saying this is obviously a joke.
If someone,
Whoever takes this seriously clearly did not read the article.
That's up to you.
I'm not going to add it.
I'm happy to.
I'm not going to add it.
You're twisting your feed.
Yeah.
You're not going to add it.
My story.
Next point.
Okay.
Thank you.
So we got,
Shit, where are we?
Okay.
Unaccountable.
Uh,
Little bit.
Okay.
So the whole thing that this incident,
What is funny in the story.
And I,
I'm not,
I have a matter with it and I don't have an issue with it other than David,
It takes it out of context and makes me look like a person that is,
Uh,
Just kind of a crazy person that is setting up these things.
The same things to the brokerage again.
Yes, the brokerage account thing.
David, I have a whole text message conversation between us.
It explains it all, but basically.
No, he didn't take it as a joke.
I mean, he, like.
No, I know, I know.
He left his, like, employer at the publisher now, like.
Yeah.
He did not take it as a joke.
I know that now.
What happened in the story is exactly how it played out.
I know it is, and that's not what I'm saying, Nick.
What I'm saying is he took,
what he took out of context was the reason why I did it.
He just showed something that happened
without explaining why.
And that's what bothers me.
Makes me look like a crazy person
when you take something out of context.
He took a truth, and it did happen exactly as he said it did.
Perfectly recounted.
What was the context?
The context was.
After 20 months of sort of being a donkey looking,
staring at a carrot, waiting for this thing to be,
this article is supposed to be published a long time ago,
a year and a half ago.
The book was originally called The Banker's Son.
And then I was slowly removed from my own story in my head.
And I didn't know what was going on.
I didn't know who to believe.
But suddenly The Banker's Son became the Dark Towers.
And I was in the subtext.
The sub, you know, it says like Dark Towers,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
whatever that secondary line is called.
I was in there, and then I got removed from that.
Then there were pictures of me
that were supposed to be in the book.
Pictures of myself, my father, they got removed.
And then there was the-
So you sent the brokerage-
Hold on, I'm not-
I'm not-
Because you're upset about being written out of the story?
No, I'm not there.
I'm not quite,
let me finish and I'll tell you and you'll see.
Sorry.
So over systematically over a series of a year and a half,
David, the agreement we had was that this is a book
about my story and my father's story.
Slowly I'm being removed from my own story.
And David is saying, oh, don't worry about it.
It's all fine, you're in the story.
So if you can imagine the pressure or the feeling
of being lied to or being betrayed every few months
when something is taken from you.
So then the pictures are going.
And the blurb, David says, don't worry about it.
I'm gonna change the blurb.
I'm gonna make your father and you more prominent.
He writes me what the blurb is going to be,
writes it out completely.
And he publishes the blurb, okay,
exactly how he sent it to me with one thing missing
and that was my name.
And I said, David, I sent him a text and David,
what the hell's going on?
WTF?
Well, what is this blurb?
You said it was gonna be like you said.
And then he said, the thing that set me off was,
let me show you the text.
Let me just get the text.
It was, sorry, word for word.
I have to put you on hold for a second,
but I'll try not to.
The word for word, it was something like,
we found that your name added no value to the story.
That was what he said that morning
before I did the brokerage thing.
And that just was the straw that broke
the camel's back.
My name brings no value to the story.
It's my own story, right?
So I flipped out and I was the only one awake.
Let me say something.
Your story says is, a few days ago,
I read that he was not named from the blurb
for my book on Amazon, among other perceived slides.
He sent me a string of text claiming
that the brokerage stuff.
That seems like an extremely accurate
and concise description of the context
that you just told me was missing.
Wrong, other conceived slides is the problem.
That's what's missing, the actual other conceived slides.
Otherwise, it looks like I'm a ridiculous person.
And David knows that I'm not.
So this is, in a sense, everyone starts like,
is this guy hate you?
Is this a vengeful act that he's done?
I don't know if it is because of this incident.
I don't know.
But I'm telling you, when you say other perceived slides.
I'm not sure what you want.
You seem to want to have written this story.
No, come on, man.
No, I don't want to write this story.
I don't want to write this story.
I just want to not be characterized as an asshole.
That's how I'm looked at, like a real dickhead,
like a real person that you don't ever want to talk
like a nasty fuckhead that I, people, I say,
oh my God, that's someone you stay away from.
I would tell my girlfriend's kid
to stay away from this type of person.
Do you understand this?
And you say, well, maybe you are that type of person, right?
Is what your people tend to think.
Well, it's in the New York Times.
So you must be that type of person.
And that is the problem, Nick.
That's what I would like change.
Is that my characterization of me by these descriptors
that David puts in here, there's not,
there's only one non-pejorative.
I need to reiterate it again.
I'm not going to edit this piece.
I know, that's, again, you ask me a question.
Is it the way you want to be?
You ask me a question.
You just want to be described in character.
Nick, you ask me a question.
I'm answering it, man.
I know that you're not going to edit the way I want.
I know it, and I'm not trying to get you to, okay?
Can we leave that alone for now?
I mean, you've said it like 50 times.
I'm telling you, I'm not trying to do that.
I'm bringing up the issues I have.
That's it.
You asked me to, and I did it for you.
I spent four hours doing this last night, okay?
So we can agree to that, please.
I'm not trying to do anything else.
So it's the characterization of me,
and this is another one.
There's one, other than the very last sentence
of the story, there is one line where he says
that I'm fearless.
That's it.
I need to know what you want here.
What are you, do you want to be heard?
Do you want to hear?
Yeah, I don't really know, Nick.
I don't know, I really don't know.
Maybe the changes to the story would be great,
but I doubt you're not going to do that, so I understand.
Maybe I want to be heard, I don't know.
I don't know, I just know that something is wrong,
and I just want to fix the thing that is wrong.
And then, David said, talk to Nick Summers.
So here I am talking to you, all right?
That's it, I don't know.
So this, I can't, I mean, I don't know.
Anyway, there's one kind thing that David said,
called me fearless, right?
And that is the one nice thing he says in the entire book.
So this guy's been my friend.
I thought this guy was my friend for five years,
and this is what I see.
So you can imagine my surprise, all right?
This is not something that a friend would write
about someone that you like, or else it is.
I don't know, he's trying to be fair,
and he overcompensated on the negativity.
Perhaps that's the thing.
I don't know what it is,
he doesn't really answer that question.
But the whole, the entire thing is, is why, sorry,
now I'm sort of stuttering now,
because I don't know, because I'm kind of upset,
but sorry, let me just take a breath, Homer.
I feel like it's a pejorative account of me.
Anyone that would read this would think
that this is not a good person, okay?
There is no love, there's no love for my father.
There's no love for the reason why I set upon this journey.
There's no prime mover or an event that shows
that why I did all this stuff.
There's no love from David.
There's no love from me to my father.
There's no thing that has a kindness or shows heart and soul.
No heart and soul, it's just negative descriptors
and pejoratives.
Of course, of course I have.
And he says, I don't agree with,
I said, he says, I understand your point of view,
but I don't agree with your perception.
That's what he says.
I'm like, what the fuck?
That's it, that's it.
I'll send you all the freaking screenshots
from all our conversations, if you like.
I'll show you, it paints a real clear picture,
but I might end up just doing that on Twitter.
I mean, I don't know, man, I'm just really upset about it.
It just keeps going on.
I'm almost, and then we go.
I'm sorry, and I do mean it, I don't mean any,
I can dismiss it, but I'm sorry that this is the,
that when you read this, you felt,
you've come this characterizing, you felt
that there was no love of it.
Dude, I was hurt, I was actually hurt.
That the one you guys had was not,
you know, that it came out of David's pen
different than you've been living it.
I am sorry for that.
Thank you.
And, you know.
Thank you.
I might have an unsatisfying answer, you know.
Yeah, I know, I know.
I felt, it's hurt.
This is David's story to write, this is how he wrote it,
and I get it.
In terms of like, in terms of the balance of love
or anything else,
I'm frankly, I'm just not sure what,
totally what the sides.
Well, you're the editor.
That's why I thought, you know, you would find the balance.
So Nick, the story comes to you.
I get it, I'm not a journalist,
but I would guess that the story gets to you,
and you're like, well, I like this, I don't like this.
Where's the balance?
So maybe that's why I'm talking to you.
And maybe that's why David gave me to you
subconsciously, perhaps said, well, Nick's can be.
Yeah, that's what others do, but you know,
look, there's no way for, you know.
Yeah.
David, if the story that we work on together,
I can't, one thing that I said,
I can't factor, I guess,
is the amount of love between you and David.
That's something that I,
as you can see, that's what I'm talking about.
Yeah, I know, again, I don't know why you say that,
because obviously that's, I'm not asking you to do that.
That's a strange thing to say,
but it's the love, there's no balance.
It's all negativity of who I am, negativity.
That's it.
It's about, I'm not painted equally.
This is, again, more into like,
the sort of thing you can put in,
and I'll let her see the editor,
or frankly, more people will read
what you have to say about this
if you put it on Twitter than I'll let her see the editor.
So the editor has all kinds of work,
count limits, and it's got to be formal,
you know, on Twitter, you can do whatever you want.
Okay.
You are, you're pretty sophisticated.
Person who interacts with many different parts
of the news media,
and you have ways of getting your story out.
I know, but I don't want to do that, man.
I like the New York Times.
You guys are my favorite painter,
painter, sorry, my favorite newspaper.
And David, I always thought was a talented writer, you know,
and I like you guys, I like this family.
I don't want to go against you guys.
I want to work things out.
That's why I'm trying, that's why I'm calling, man.
You know, if I wanted to be an asshole.
And I think, and I have to give you the answer
that there really is no process of working this out.
Like I'm not gonna, we're not gonna change the piece now
or at any point post publication
because of, you know, a certain way
you want them to characterize.
Right, again, it's not because,
that's not what I'm asking for.
Once again, Nick, you keep saying that.
I don't want something written the way I want it.
I'm not asking for that.
I'm asking just for the truth to be portrayed
and for balance and fairness.
That's what I'm asking.
And what I'm doing is pointing out the unbalancedness,
the unbalanced parts of this and the mistruths
and the inaccuracies.
I'm not sure what it is you're asking me for.
Well, the way, because when you say story changed,
it sounds, again, the way you put it is that
we're not gonna change it the way you want it, Val.
Right, again, that sounds like an asshole saying,
I want you to do what I want to do.
That's not what I'm asking.
What I'm asking is for you to look at it
from my point of view and you're the editor.
You've never talked to me.
You never met me before other than today and yesterday, right?
And now you have a bit more understanding
of who I am and how I speak based on my verbiage.
Everything is subconsciously of your brains
like a supercomputer.
You're understanding me a little bit better, right?
So now that you've done that and you read this piece
and you see a difference, I'm sure,
a schism between what David wrote
and what you are experiencing now.
I don't know what I do, no.
Well, maybe you haven't, but not yet,
but it'll grow, believe me.
So the point is the-
I have to tell you about it's so far it's not growing.
I want to be honest.
I know it's not, it doesn't change about the,
what prompted the tracks about the brokerage account.
Yeah, yeah.
Because that's what David described it specifically.
Nick, I get it, you're backing up your writers,
you're loyal to David, David's loyalty, I get it.
I understand that.
I'm not trying to breach that loyalty.
I'm not trying to get between you guys.
I'm not trying to create a problem.
I'm trying to tell you that this,
I feel mischaracterized and why.
Just doing the same thing I did
when I first called you, all right?
I'm not asking you to change it
based on how I want it to be.
If you could change it to make things fair and correct,
that would be great.
And correct the things that are inaccurate
and that have a factually inaccurate, that'd be great.
Well, no, no, but you did say that unemployed musician,
that is something, at the very beginning, Nick,
you said, well, we're going to print soon.
So let's get through this now
in case we do have to make changes, right?
That was the whole reason why we're talking.
So that's why we're not talking tomorrow.
I've made a couple of bullet points.
I've not been writing down certain things
that were issued a matter of opinion or interpretation.
I wrote down the first bullet point I've written down
was this unemployed bassist, he was self-employed.
I mean, that was David.
Great, okay.
If I get off this one, the sooner I can raise it with him.
Yeah, that's fine.
Let's get through it then.
I just don't know why you're arguing with me.
All I want to do is tell you my side story.
These are the points that I've found out.
You can just let it go or leave it,
but instead you're like, I want to fight with me.
I don't understand it.
I just, I don't know what's going on anymore.
I'm very confused.
I'm just trying to tell you the things
that we agreed to yesterday.
And you said, do this.
And I said, okay, I'll do it.
I spent four hours doing it.
So here I am, relaying my homework to you, basically.
And you want to fight me on every little thing.
I'm not trying to do anything here, man.
I don't want to get the impression that I'm fighting it.
What I'm trying to do is steer us only towards
factual things that we've got wrong
that we can change with anything else.
I'm just not going to change things based on...
Okay, I got it.
You know what I'm about to say.
Yeah, I know what you're going to do.
But that's another thing that I'm learning right now.
I had no idea that that was,
that something that cannot be done,
that you can change the factual era,
but you cannot change a mischaracterization.
I didn't know that, but now I've learned that.
Okay?
I really thought that Rolling Stone does a cover story
about a movie star and then there would be star calls
and it says A, B, and C,
and then they changed the story to reflect A, B, and C.
I don't know, man.
I've never, I've never been in this situation.
When it comes to media,
and I would assume you would know that, you know,
journalists are the ones who write the stories.
Yeah, I know.
Nick.
Don't get ahead of it after the fact.
Yeah, but sometimes they do
when there's something that is inaccurate
that I've seen happen before.
And I've never been in this situation.
It's a very unique, strange place to be right now.
I've never been profiled before.
Yeah, I've never been in any of this.
This is very odd
and I don't know how to react.
I'm doing the best I can, man.
Right?
So please bear with me on that.
Okay.
I don't know how to describe it,
but the whole thing is like a very hurtful, basically.
Like in a hugely public format.
And that's sort of...
Yeah, honestly, I can't.
I mean, I totally get that.
I mean, it's crazy to be written about
in a publication this large,
so I do want to hear your concerns.
Okay.
So the next paragraph is,
so why do I put up with this?
Is David says, and I already responded to that on Twitter,
but just for the record, I'll tell you,
it's extremely condescending to say,
why do I put up with this person
that I've just described to you as a terrible person?
Because he's got emails that I need, right?
That was his basic thing.
And that's kind of funny.
It's interesting.
And I don't take any offense at that.
I think it's a funny way of saying,
Val's got good info,
but I just want to also add that it does
sustain the previous characterizations,
what I perceive as mischaracterizations.
I said, there's another sentence in that same paragraph,
besides, there's something uncanny
about how Mr. Brooksmouth's fearlessness
and addiction to drama, dot, dot, dot.
I forgot what comes after drama.
Of course, it's kind that he wrote, I'm fearless.
That's a very good thing.
Finally, one positive note.
When you say, David said something kind,
fearlessness, that's all I got.
And then he goes and spoils it all by saying,
I'm addicted to drama.
And I'm saying, he knows me better than this.
And this is hurtful to me because he knows
I'm not addicted to drama.
I was caught up in a series of events
outside of my control.
My father killed himself and I went to go solve
the mystery of his death.
I did not seek out any drama.
This is thrust upon me, right?
All this shit was thrown at me.
The Sony hack, I asked the hackers,
yes, can you hack Deutsche Bank for me?
That's not seeking drama.
So that's the thing that's a mischaracterization.
Again, this person that David's creating,
that is not me.
I was, I mean, to say I'm in pursuit of fame
and attention to drama, it's a singular dismissive.
It's also very hurtful and reductively terrible thing
to do to anybody, let alone someone
that you thought was a friend for five years, okay?
So the next part is the same, hold on.
Okay, so the same thing here in the next paragraph.
We might wish our whistleblowers were stoic,
unimpeachable do-gooders.
In reality, to let you in on a journalist's secret,
they're more often like Val Brooksman.
And I mean, this is something that's really stupid to say,
show, don't tell, you know, like who is Val Brooksman?
So when he says more like Val Brooksman,
at this point in the story, where he's shown, okay,
is a drug addict, credit card fraud,
just negative descriptors, manic, unreliable,
all this shit, you take 30, 40 negative things
and plain balance them against one word, fearlessness.
It does not help, it's not fair, it's not at all fair.
Anyway, the next thing, angry, sorry.
And then he says I'm angry, I'm slurring my speech,
insisting without evidence that he knew why his,
I called him, so I think this is the same paragraph.
I call him and I have in quotes, dot, dot, dot,
angry, slurring his speech,
insisting without evidence that he knew why his father
had killed himself and that had nothing to do
with Deutsche Bank.
So again, slur is an allusion to drunkenness,
you know, of some sort of inebriation.
And I'm saying like right now, really,
he's gonna bring up more drugs again, right?
Without a statement is very dismissive
and an emphasis in the absence of my credibility.
It's just again, I say these things and I call them,
it's again, another pejorative basically, you know.
And by the way, this is not factual
because I did not speak to David until early March, 2014.
That's the first time I ever spoke to him.
I did in fact email him before that
and his email is absolutely correct.
But then he says I sort of, I picked up the phone
or before long I was talking to him
and slurring my speech, insisting, et cetera, et cetera,
my dad killed himself and nothing to do with Deutsche.
Yes, I did tell him that I think I know
why my father killed himself and that's probably,
and it was because of my mother,
is what I was telling him at that part.
But when he says there's nothing to do with Deutsche
and the slur and the drunkenness, sorry, sorry, I'm getting,
sorry, hold on a second, Nick.
So I was in rehab from March till July, 2014.
So when I spoke to David for the first time,
he called me when I was in rehab.
So there's no way that I was drunk
and I was slurring my speech.
So the illusion to this drunkenness is just inaccurate.
And I can prove that a million different ways.
That's when we started our relationship.
When I was in rehab in Altamira in Sausalito,
and I sent him a photo of the building that was on fire,
which he said was randomly, again, in the story.
You're a little over the place.
No, I'm sorry, yeah, I'm sorry.
Would you particular thing do you want me to be
focused on here?
I'm sorry, man, yeah, you're right.
Just, okay, I guess the factual,
the part that I guess is most important to you
would be the factual and the, sorry, man.
God, I need like a break.
Can I call you in five minutes?
Is it okay?
It's terrible, I know.
I know, I know, it's terrible.
Okay, all right, so let me get through this.
I know, let me do the quick version.
I'll get through this.
I'll get through this, I'm sorry.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, you shared a lot of your life with David
for many years.
You opened yourself up.
We wrote about you in the New York Times.
That's a huge thing, and I want to make sure
that you feel heard.
I, can I, but I just do want to,
well, I guess I just be repeating myself.
I, you know, you know what I'm gonna say about
how we're not gonna change.
Right, I know, I know, I know.
So, I do want to make sure that you feel heard,
and you should definitely know that I'm gonna
share all this with David.
Please do, yes, please do, of course.
But I don't, but I want to make sure
that you have realistic expectations about
some alterations to the story.
Of course, dude, I have no expectations at all.
So that's, that's how I'm going into this.
I just want to be heard, and then you leave it all
in your hands, you know.
If you're gonna take a break now,
if I could make a suggestion, it would be to
make an organized list of your objections
with the story.
Right, right.
And put them in groups, because I'm definitely,
I'm so much more assumed to, you know,
to Aaron's effect or something where you really disagree
with something and can show why it's demonstrably false.
Right, right, again, I'm sorry, yeah.
We could group all the stuff about, you know,
you know, what you see as an embellishing,
you know, negative and positive attributes.
Okay.
That group of stuff, you know, I can listen to it,
but that's probably where there's just gonna be no
satisfaction. I got you.
I got you, and I apologize.
I'm usually not like all over the place,
but again, it's just because I'm gonna get all emotional.
Usually when I talk, I'm not emotionally attached
to the material, you know.
So that's why, but yeah, sorry, just give me five minutes
and I'll call you right back, and I will do what you said.
I'll take out the other parts and make this faster.
Okay, all right, thank you.
Thanks, Nick.
Okay, bye.
Thank you, Nick.
Ah, ah, ah.
Oh f...
Fuck.
Oh shit, it's the recording.
Ah, fuck.
Hey, Val.
Hey, Nick.
Thanks.
Sorry about that.
I guess a Xanax in a cigarette kind of helps.
So, yeah.
Phew.
Man, I was getting worked up there.
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
So let's go to-
You don't have to put us right about anything.
Thank you.
Okay.
Thanks.
So I guess we could jump to paragraph 23.
I'll skip over the whole why I sent him the picture of the building on fire is not really
relevant.
So David writes in paragraph 23, four days later, I published an article describing the
Fed's concerns period.
The bank's shares fell 3%.
Mr. Brooksman told me he felt empowered by having dented Georgia's market value by more
than one billion.
Now, this was kind of not horrifying, but it was disturbing for me to read because
David and I have talked about this many times.
There are two parts to this, and he only published one part and wrote one part.
And part one, yes, I did feel some empowerment or some revenge that I had taken.
I was able to swing back and I hit the target.
I found purchase, right?
But the second part, which David did not write, is that I thought it through and I realized
how terrible it was because I had affected people that were not directly tied to Deutsche
Bank.
These are people's pensions.
This was a mortgage.
They're homes.
They're leases.
They're dental insurance, medical insurance, and I realized that that was disturbing to
me that I did that.
And David never, I mean, that's the second half of me, just as much as that first part
of the vengeance is for the first half of me, and it's very indicative of the whole story.
Do you know what I mean?
Selective truth telling to paint a portrait that David is painting.
And I just wanted to let you know that there is, you know, I mean, again, I'm not saying
that you're going to change anything, but I just want to make it to show you an example,
right?
And that bothered me that he just said that it was bothering me.
So it's factually inaccurate description of what happened.
That is factually inaccurate of what happened.
But I don't know.
I'm confused.
Is that not accurate?
It's not.
I mean, our stories can't be 100 million words long keys.
Could you call that?
David's obligation is not to include every single fact that you consider relevant.
Right.
But had you read that when, like, say he handed it into you and you read it, would you see
that as something relevant at the time?
But he didn't give you the option to see that as relevant yet.
So I'm not going to discuss what would be a draft or something that's not our final
published document.
Right.
Sorry.
Yeah, I don't mean that.
I just mean, like, if you saw a bigger picture, perhaps you would have a different view of
who this person is that David's writing about.
And just selectively telling the truth, half of the truth is close to, you know, I mean,
I tell Marie's seven-year-old that, you know, omitting a truth is the same thing as lying.
So lies of omission.
So I don't know if this considered the same thing in the eyes of the other time.
I would not agree that this is a lie of omission or misrepresentation by omission.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
So then let's move on to the next one.
So I was conflicted.
Sorry.
I wrote a lot about this.
Yes, blah, blah, blah.
But David knows all this stuff and he has it in his notes.
We've talked about it for a very long time over the course of five years.
So what makes a person crave the attention of journalists?
Consider where Val Brooksman comes from.
That sentence right there was another one that drove me mad.
So I want to make it clear.
And David knows this.
You can ask him and he'll, of course, you'll agree with me.
I have never approached a single journalist in my life.
Every journalist came to me.
Every single one.
I've never reached out to anyone.
I've never hunted a journalist.
I never said, uh, do you want to, how about this for a story?
Never.
Everyone's always come to me and I have liberally given everybody.
If I have, if I have information and data that helps them, I give it to them.
I've never said no.
And that's a huge problem.
I just don't know how to say no to people.
Uh, like I should have said no to David, I guess about a few things, but that is
another mischaracterization.
Just to say what makes a person crave the attention of journalists, obviously
equates to Val, craves the attention of journalists.
Right.
So, uh, that bothers me considerably so.
Um, and then he goes on to say that the reason, and I don't know, David doesn't
exactly, uh, have a, you know, he's a great guy.
He's a brilliant, brilliant guy.
He's such a good writer, but he's not like the guy that's going to probe the
depths of someone's psyche and come out with some answers.
He's not that type of person.
Um, so he decides to, uh, next thing he writes is about my childhood.
Which, you know, is, is a fucked up childhood.
I had one and he's pointing that out.
But why to, to equate my fucked up childhood to craving the attention of
journalists, that's a schism.
Um, it's a, it does not equate.
Um, you know, again, to me, but this is just how I felt when I saw it.
It was, uh, strange.
And he created something out of thin air that I crave the attention of
journalists.
He's again, telling and not showing.
And he doesn't, and he, when he just, uh, describes my background, uh,
now I'm just repeating myself next.
Sorry, but you get my point.
Right.
Do you understand?
Yeah.
I get your point.
Um, okay.
Cool.
So I can move on.
I do hear you.
Okay.
Thanks.
As long as you understand.
Um, yeah.
So six zero.
Okay.
So, uh, David leads, uh, sorry.
Uh, okay.
So we move on to this.
We're almost done.
Um, meanwhile, comma, Allah met and married Bill Brooksman, who was then an
up and coming banker.
Um, now to me, and I could be very wrong, but, uh, in the parlance of our
times, up and coming banker, uh, is a sort of, you have already association
with that, uh, term, uh, you have a sort of a, uh, a moneyed up, uh, young guy
that's trying to, is hungry and trying to make his start in the world.
Right.
Um, and I know that in the book, it'll be much more clear and I, and I trust
David on that.
But my father, uh, was not, he was one of six children living barely above
the poverty level in, in Illinois, son of a, literally son of a preacher
man and, um, did everything on his own.
So he wasn't this.
I'm looking this up in the, in the dictionary on my Mac and it says, up
and coming is defined as making good progress and likely to become successful.
Okay.
Yes.
Uh, but wouldn't you say it also has a connotation, a social connotation as
well?
Like a, uh,
I don't think so.
No.
I could, I could be wrong there, but I don't, up and coming just means
somebody on the rise as far as, as far as I, as far as I know.
Okay.
It could just, I could be totally wrong on this too.
I just, for some reason, I thought that it was like a class, a class system
sort of thing.
Sorry.
I just want to think about on the make or something like that.
There's a little more spin on that phrase, but on the make, on the make.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
I thought on the make just means trying to get laid.
Doesn't it?
That's what that means.
That's what it means in England.
Yeah.
If you're on the make, you're trying to get laid.
Running a scam or something.
Oh, okay.
Anyway.
So I think about that, that, that, that just means somebody who is on, who is
doing, doing whatever I just read to you in the dictionary.
I got you.
Okay.
That could be just, again, you're probably right.
Um, it's just the way I read it.
It made it seem like my mother, cause I wrote a whole thing like, oh, then my mother
must be this woman that's chasing a rich guy, which she was not.
She was also, they were both not.
No, no, I don't, I mean, I don't, I don't think that's, I didn't read it that way.
Yeah.
Okay.
That could, again, maybe just the way I read it.
Um, so we skip, skip forward.
Um, Bill adopted him in same paragraph 26.
Bill adopted him dash an angry, impulsive child, the strong anti-authority streak.
Um, I remember that was when David and I looked for the Cook County records, we saw this written
by a social, social worker, I think, um, someone that was in the system.
And, um, my thing on this is that I don't remember that at all.
Um, I don't know how true that is, but it's written by the social system.
I, I, um, that's it.
Um, that's it.
That's all I want to say about that.
I just don't remember that happening at all.
I don't know any, I cannot say that it did happen or it did not happen.
Um, paragraph 27.
Oh, this is where it, this is where it really stinks.
He wanted to be the center of attention to prove that he mattered.
So again, this is the redundant, a redundant kind of arbitrary attack on my character.
It doesn't help further the story.
It doesn't do anything, but it attacked me and solidified this terrible portrayal of this horrible person.
Uh, that is Val Brooksman now.
You know, it's careless ultimately and it brings no, it doesn't, it doesn't help the story move forward.
So like these, these sentences that are used could be used for something else, you know, adding to this.
I just don't understand and why he would be, and to be able to say like, this is David, I'm an authority to prove.
I'm an authority on what people think and believe, right?
So Val wants to be the center of attention and the reason why is to prove that he matters.
Now for paragraphs ago, he says Val wants to be the center of attention and he craves the attention of journalists.
And his explanation of that is because of my crazy, terrible childhood.
But now he changes it.
Now I want to be the center of attention to prove that I matter.
Like, do you see that?
It's very, it doesn't make sense.
Um, and then he says that that's part of the reason he'd be quote unquote, that's part of the reason he became a rocker.
It's less lonely with an audience.
He once told me, true.
I'd said that and it's on, uh, David and I recorded our fact checking for two days straight and it's on there and that's absolutely true.
Um, but it's used not to, uh, to, uh, what's, I don't know, I forgot the word amongst literary people,
but to color, to color a person's character or the story, it's used to show me again in a negative, pejorative light.
So, uh, it's, that's all I wanted to say.
It's, uh, sorry.
I thought we were going to focus on this call on the more technical stuff.
Yeah, sorry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I just, uh, was going through the thing.
I'm skipping over a lot.
Um, uh, David the adjudicator, so he's, okay, sorry.
When his father died and Mr. Brooksman came into possession of his documents, I believe this is paragraph.
I got it here.
Oh, you got it? Okay.
When his father died and Mr. Brooksman came into possession of his documents, he finally had an opportunity to make the world pay attention.
Uh, again, it's, I mean, I guess this is part of the same thing, a very subjective thing to say, I know why Val does this without any proof, without any showing.
It's only telling, telling, telling.
And it's kind of disgusting.
I felt disgusted and like it's a careless judgment and it came to a head for me at the here in this, in the story.
I kind of lost my shit when I read this for the second time.
See, when my father died, I was so heartbroken for a very fucking long time.
I didn't see anything else but my father, but my father, that's it.
And I wanted to know why he killed himself and for David to paint me during this fucking terrible phase in my life is this horrible person to, man, sorry.
You know, it's not like I'm fucking crying.
It's ridiculous.
Hold on.
Sorry.
No, no, it's okay.
It's all.
It's, uh, you know, it's like, fuck.
It's hurtful.
Okay.
So.
Yeah.
Take your time.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Hold on.
So it's like, I can't talk, man.
Sorry.
I can't talk.
Okay.
It's like opportunistic.
I'm an opportunistic person.
You know, dude, I can't.
Fuck.
Just gather yourself.
It's fine.
Take your time.
All right.
It's all right.
Just one second.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, so it shows me as an opportunistic person using my father's death for my own selfish pursuits.
And that's hurtful, especially in this fucking New York Times.
Did you see that?
And see a friend, someone I thought was a friend, write that.
So fuck me.
I don't know if I can go further right now.
I mean, I got to call you back again.
Well, I'm sorry, man.
I need to head.
Look, I don't want to end this year.
I really don't want to end this year.
I need to head home shortly.
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry, dude.
I'm sorry to throw all this on you.
This is terrible.
I'm very sorry.
Look, I, I, it's a difficult, I know it's difficult for you.
It's difficult to hear.
And I'm going to share all this with David.
I, you know, I'm, I really am sorry that this is hit you like this.
And, you know, I, I, I, please know that you are being heard here.
And I'm going to tell all this to David.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I mean, I'll, you know what?
I'll just write the rest and I'll send it to you and make it a little bit easier.
Nick.
Okay.
And then if you want some clarifications or anything, just give me a call.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks for listening to me.
Take care, Val.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
