Okay, okay. He calls you and asks what you've got in Trump. You say you really
don't know. Right. He agrees to pay ten grand, half upfront, half on delivery for
everything. Pretty quick conversation. Glenn doesn't want to be on an unsecured
phone line. No, he's very paranoid. Yeah, and wants to switch to signal. Yeah. And so
I've seen those signal messages. He says let's get you here ASAP, please come.
There's some discussion about where your grenades should go. You settle on
St. Thomas. 5,000 bucks arrives in your PayPal account. He gives you an amix
number to book plane tickets. You go to St. Thomas. The 5,000 arrives in St. Thomas.
So first he just gives me the car car number. Well, he offers. No, I don't think
that's right. Yeah, yeah, he offers to send. We'll check that. Okay. There's because
I've looked at these times and you've showed me the PayPal receipt or the
anyway, we'll come back to that. But that's some pretty sure that was in St. Thomas
after he and his tech guy looked over the files. Then he said, okay, then they
sent the 5,000. And it doesn't matter. There's you got the 5,000. Before you
get to St. Thomas, Glenn asked for some research on specific topics. He says any
Russian stuff at all. He is looking for stuff on Rentec and Mercer. And then he
said you say you appreciate you've got that stuff. And but it's gonna take a
lot of digging to find it. He says be safe and I'll see you tomorrow. Okay, you're
feeling pretty proud and excited. This is like higher level clandestine work than
you've been previously doing. Glenn is a celebrity a little bit. Yeah. Okay, I
call Peggy too. Okay. So it's a good Peggy come back in the story here. Okay. And
if you want to make a note for Peggy's, but chronologically, yes. Okay, St. Thomas.
Glenn comes with a computer dude. Yeah. You alternate between going through all
the stuff in the hotel suite. Yeah. Is that right? Yeah. You all were in a suite
together, right? No. I had my own and they had one in a different building down
the hall. But in the same hotel? In the same hotel. Okay. And whose hotel suite were you
working in? Mine. Okay. And it so you alternate between that and you spend a
bunch of time out at a picnic table on the beach, drinking beers, smoking cigarettes.
Yeah, and it took me to Strip Club. Okay. Yeah, dirty weird Strip Club. Okay, you've
described Glenn as manic. Unable to sit still, chattering constantly about Trump
and about fusions, financial struggles. He said he told you. He told me everything
wasn't just that. Well, but you got into. Slightly manic. I wouldn't say over it
because manic is a strong word too. Okay, I'll say slightly manic. Yeah. Slightly.
Paranoid. Quite paranoid. Okay. So he told you that any kind of dirt you could turn
up on Mercer, or Rentec, or Trump, or Deutsche could be valuable to him, to his
current or prospective future clients. Yeah. Okay. And he at one point. He sold me
because he knew I did not like Trump. He saw my tweets. And so he knew I was
anti Trump. So he said it's it would be helpful for him to learn about how the
funding Mercer funded the Trump campaign and any connection the Deutsche Bank had
the Trump and the connection between Mercer and Deutsche Bank. And Rentec was
its own entity. If anything on Rentec, fine, but it was mostly Mercer was a
focus. Mostly Mercer. Yeah, Rentec is secondary. Well, Mercer is Rentec. I know.
Well, not really. Mercer had, on his own, whatever his foundation is, gave that
money to Trump. Rentec did not give the money to Trump. Yeah. So in that sense.
Okay, so you're going through all this stuff. You don't actually find a whole
lot in Bill T. Millall concerts. No, as you knew already, there are no mentions of
Trump. No. There is a lot of Rentec stuff. Yeah, there's a lot. Well, that's a
competitive. The name Mercer hardly comes up at all. There's lots of
Rentec stuff. But most of that, it doesn't really shed new light beyond. He's a
Senate Bob Roach and his crew have already turned up so much. So you spend a
few days there and then Glenn invites you to come back to Washington with him.
Yeah. And you agree? Yeah. And you fly separately to avoid a
razmine suspicion. At Dulles, you get a text. I don't know if that's true, but it
could be. What? Fly separately to not a razmine suspicion. The only reason I
have that in here is because you told me. Really? So if you don't, if you're not
sure about that, I shouldn't have. I'm not sure, but sounds good. That's fine. No, no, no,
that's, they, because Glenn said he had to go back for something first. So he only
stayed a few days and then went back to hold still, hold tight here while we
figure out what to do next. Okay. You get to Dulles, he sends you a text with an
address for you to come to. But keep in mind, there's a lot going on in this
hotel. There's this convention. Yeah. But it's not really that interesting on the
grand scheme of things because it's just like a, it's a National Guard meeting. I
think there was National Security Services. No, it's National Guard. I've looked at
your picture of the. There was a lot. There was, well, it was one ballroom. There
was every single ballroom had different government agency attached to it. There's
all government people. Certainly all the different government agencies listed on
that thing. On that specific one. But there was, again, that's a huge
hotel with a lot of these rooms.
Just to be sure you can find some research, find out what was going on in
that hotel. I'm sure there's evidence online.
Okay. So you get to Glenn's house, brings you to a guest room. Next morning, you
get this great up close view of his paranoia. You're on the front porch
smoking a Marlboro. He comes out notices a small rip in one of the window
screens and says, why are you messing with my window? Did you sneak out last
night? Right. You say no. Well, no, it was more like, you know, what did you, did
you meet somebody last night? Did you come out of the house? Because sneaking
out is like, you know, I'm just kidding. But it's more like, did you, did you
have a rendezvous with someone? There was a car I saw coming around the car in
the house. I heard some noises. I heard the car speed off. I heard the door
closed and open. Did you meet somebody? Did you in the middle of the night? No,
of course not. Okay. And he said, he kind of eyes you suspiciously and says,
let's see what the video shows. Yeah, he points to the camera, which I knew was
there. And there was a terror in the, in the screen, in front of the screen. Okay.
So he brings you into his office and there shows you the, the video feed. I
wrote you this whole story. Yeah, no, I'm just, I'm just making sure we got this
right. So he in the video shows his son trying to pry the screen off the window
to get it drunk in late. Um, and so he kind of Glenn kind of relaxes a little
bit at that point. He doesn't view you for Glenn. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you never
apologize. Yeah, I've got that. So a couple of nights, you spend a couple nights
there. Yeah. Then you go up to his secluded house in the countryside down
a long dirt lane with a force in one side and a river on the other. Yeah. A few
boats moored at the Flood and Dock. Yeah. You spend a long time repairing wooden
fence. Yeah. Trumpets through the mud. Yeah. Writing ATVs in the wood. Yeah.
Drinking a lot. Yeah. Beer and liquor. Beer and liquor. He has a case of beer and he had a bunch of booze and
that kind of thing. Yeah. You talked about Trump. Yeah. You talked about Christopher
Steele. Yeah. You talked about your father's. Yeah. Okay. You told Glenn about
your story and he told you about his story. Yeah. Okay. Um, okay. Glenn's
hired a retired Deutsche Auditor. Okay. And here I go into stuff about that spreadsheet,
which is how we started all these videos. Right. Okay. So there's, this is when Glenn,
so you go back to Washington and Glenn starts sending you out to meet people. So first up is
Bob Roach. Right. And let's see. Glenn tells Roach, I'd really like you to look at this.
And Roach is happy to do so. It seems like an interesting opportunity. So one afternoon,
you show up at the Dirksen building. You, by the way, this might have been Stan,
the Beacon Hotel. Yeah. Okay. Charging room service. No room service. No room service.
Yeah. Glenn made it clear. Don't use room service on my card. So I said, okay, I will not use room
service on your card. Okay. Um, I never did. Sure about that. Is that the only reason I have that
in here is because I told you specifically, Glenn said to me, do not use room service on this card.
You can, this is for the room only. You pay for the food and stuff and just don't use the room
service because I don't want to get out of hand. I said, okay. I never use room service on that
card. Um, so how are we paying for food and stuff while you're there? Oh, he gave me five
grand. Okay. And then the other money came in too. With what other money? The BG money. Okay.
Okay. So you go to Roach's office and he's got this bundle of printouts for you with a bunch of
news articles and other stuff. And he tells you that he's looking for a Trump connection to Russia
by way of Deutsche Bank. Bob Roach? Yes. And he says he's also very interested in anything I have
especially in the stress test stuff as well. And he said he was putting together a, I don't know if
it was a book because he had a bunch of books he'd written or showed me. I know, so those are
sending oversight hearings he had done. It's like 16-0. He was together some kind of project where
he was looking at all the times regulators were asking Deutsche Bank to do something and they
either never responded or bullshit responded or responded to do something and never followed up
on it. So if I had any instances of that, it would be very helpful for him personally. Okay.
Then we talked about Mercer. He told me about meeting Mercer. And the discussion was how does
he make this money? And the medallion fund versus the public fund is incredibly disproportionate
of the profits. It's ridiculous. 23 billion split between 100 and three people. So we figured,
I think this actually meant Matt Mosk for us now because that's why I brought up the Ponzi scheme
idea. But he said he sat down and spoke with Mercer and Mercer explained to him that he had
adapted an algorithm for speech recognition for the stock markets. And Bob Roach is so confident,
like that's clearly what it is. And I'm hearing it's like, this is what you tell an idiot when
you want to just say something fintechy and then everyone that doesn't understand anything about
algorithms or computers, oh yes, of course, that must be it. And I couldn't believe that Bob Roach
bought this slide. I was like, Bob, like, come on, think about it. If this had happened, I mean,
maybe in the 90s, when people, the markets would have been cornered by millions of people. He's
not the only person in the world. I mean, these ideas just think it's not one person that has this
idea that they're naturally come up together, like a paradigm shift or zeitgeist ideas happen
like this. You know, it's not just he's been holding onto this since the 90s. It's bullshit.
No one can corner a market because of a fucking algorithm that they wrote. It's like the Bad
James Bond film. He's like, no, I really believe he's he was a military intelligence. I don't
care if he's a military intelligence. It's bullshit. It can't it's not happening. It's not what the
real story is. We had it. I don't want you to come to their entire business. Ransom's entire business
is designing very sophisticated trading strategies based on finding little inefficiencies in the
market based on algorithms. And not for me. He's not making hundreds of billions of dollars
because he's cornered the stock market based on an algorithm designed to first speak originally
designed for speech recognition. It's bullshit. And there's no evidence of that. No one's ever
seen any of these any of this code. No, it's just a bunch of bullshit. Fentucky shit people.
You say to somebody when you don't want to tell the truth, I will stick with this story forever.
It will come out one day. It will come out one day. Okay. People think other people agree with me.
Some people think it's a big Ponzi scheme. The cover story for it. Okay. So let's move on.
You know people being Glenn and Matt Mosk. Good. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. So you agree to leave Roach with some bundle of documents, right? Okay. Selection.
Okay. Mostly for the stuff he personally wanted. I like that Fed letter I gave you.
Yeah. Et cetera. Oh, he dope. And you left him the spreadsheet too, right? That MTO.
No, I don't think I gave him that. Really? I think. I discovered that way later, like six or seven
months later. Well, but it would have been in the files. I gave to Glenn, but I didn't specifically
look at it and give it to him. Okay. If he has it, it must have been, or focused on it,
must have been from Glenn directly. Okay. Okay. So a week or so later, you rent, you rent some
Pathfinder, drive to Philadelphia, get a few grams of China white. Is that right? Yeah. Okay.
And head up to New York. Yeah. To meet John Moskow. Yep. Okay. And it,
so you that one evening go to the offices, that is nice big corner office, and it,
um, what a character he is. What a character he is. What a character that guy is. Yeah.
Yeah. He is a character. Yeah. I mean, so are you. Yeah. Two of you together in a room is
something I would have paid good money to witness. I like to think I'm a good character.
You are. I don't think John Moskow is above the line. Good guy. Okay. So
you're a little high in this meeting. Yeah. No. No more so than usual. No. Okay. And so you go,
you give your whole, uh, spiel that you've practiced many times, you've done many times at
this point. He's impressed. He asked for a look and you kind of do a little multimedia presentation
room with your laptop and your iPad. Okay. Um, Glenn's computer at this point, because my
computer is still in somewhere at this point, this had a crack screen, so we had to go, I had
to plug in this external screen. So I said, that's why I have Glenn's computers. Like, look, man,
I just use this fucking computer. So yeah, fine. Go for it. Okay. So, um,
uh, and Moskow asked if he can have a copy of the files and you at this point balk because
you're being too worried that you're like just handing this out to a new asked and, uh, so you
offer Moskow a trade. But I also asked Moskow, why are you asking for the files? Glenn sent me
up here. He's got the fucking files. Yeah. Why do, why can't you just get them from Glenn? It just,
it didn't make sense. Um, well, he wanted them for himself. Yeah. But why couldn't he just say, Glenn,
can you send me, we have as much easier to just get them right. Right. Anyway, so you guys offer,
you offer trade, which is that they'll help, um, represent you against Deutsche Bank. Yeah.
For wrongful death. Yeah, but why go through all this trouble for two days courting me to get
the files? If you get it just called Glenn? Yeah. Well, what do you think? I don't know. Okay. I don't
know. Um, he, so Moskow tells you he needs to think about that overnight. So you come back the
next afternoon and he says, no, they're not going to represent you. And so you guys make a different
agreement, which is that he will, or someone at the firm, uh, can provide legal advice to you
in your fight with your mom. Yeah. Okay. And I go for three, Avis, Deutsche Bank, and the family
estate. Right. But that's not what he ultimately agrees to, right? He agrees to the family estate.
Right. He agrees to the family estate. Yeah. He's the next, the other two. Yeah. And the second day.
Um, and so you accept that and someone comes in with a new, uh, what's your name called,
thumb drive and downloads a bunch of shit. Yeah. Okay. You open it up from the package to make
sure it wasn't put some spot where on my computer. It's the whole thing. Yeah. Well, I insisted
it on that too. I didn't trust it. Um, I mean, look at this office is filled with CIA fucking papers
and shaking hands with CIA directors. Okay. So I don't know if I've told you, I think I have told
you this, but they're NSA, you know what Moskow does with that thumb drive, right? Uh, you tell me,
I gave it, it gives it to that weird dude on YouTube. Right. Exactly. The New York Fed guy.
Um, okay. And this is like one of those places where, I mean, I, this is correlation,
not causation, but this is one of those moments where what you did actually might have had some
impact because it ends up in the hands of the New York Fed and the hands of this forensic
investigator who at that moment is investigating Deutsche Bank and money laundering. And a few
months later, um, almost four months later, the Fed does this cease and desist order with Deutsche
for Russian money laundering. Um, yeah. Well, it's not specifically for the marriage. It's for
Russia. It's for money laundering in general, but yeah, it was the Cyprus. It doesn't go,
it doesn't name a single country. Um, okay. Okay. Meanwhile, you and Glenn have a following out.
He views you as irresponsible and annoying and spending too much. You view him as owning you
a bunch of money and don't think you've done anything wrong. He says you're acting like a vagabond.
You say, don't talk to me like you're my father. And he says, well, you need someone to act like
your father. Pretty much. Yeah. Okay. Good. Yeah. I don't know why people tend to do these father
rules at me. I'm going to be, I'll be your father figure. Again, if this was the Odyssey, Glenn
would be the Cyclops. But where are you going? Can we just, we're almost done because I just
want to draw this like, tie this in a nice bow. Okay. Like, I think to me it's not coincidental.
Actually, John Moscow would be the Cyclops because he's got one eye. He doesn't have one eye. He has
two eyes. He's got one bad eye, one glass eye. He does a, is it glass eye? Yeah. I don't know about
that. He certainly has whatever it doesn't. He does. Ask him. No, I think I'll pass on asking
that. I am like making something of the fact that this is not the first time that someone has
kind of stepped into the father figure role. And I think this dialogue you guys have, especially
given that you've spent that time on wherever you were out in the countryside together talking about
your dads, it's, those words seem, those words from Glenn seem intended to draw some blood.
Yeah, I think so. A lot of words from Glenn, true blood, purposely. Like what else?
I don't know. It's talking about his father getting on the GI bill after World War II.
In other words, Glenn did. Glenn's trying to send me to a journalist school in Berkeley.
There's a lot. Wait, why was I trying to draw blood? No, no, not, I'm just going over their
conversations. The whole Steele dossier stuff, we talked about that. There was a lot of just like
punches about getting to work and bunkering down. And him talking to you like you weren't?
Yeah, yeah, just like a standard cliche father son bullshit. And of course, remember, he accuses me
of being a Russian spy, but turns out to be his son. So in a sense, there's a
subconscious association there too with Glenn and myself and father son again. But anyway,
he draws a lot of blood. And if I could show you that I have it all, most of the blood is in the
texting. So that's why I'm bringing those up too. I don't think I sent you the last few texts that
we had. That's pretty angry. Yeah, no, I think you did. I did. Yeah, I think so. I mean, we're
going to take a look at another point. Okay, so there's a bunch of other shit in here that's not
of any relevance to you. And but ultimately, for the record, Glenn is a good guy. Like he's a good
person. And he's on the right side. Well, you say that about everyone. Well, everyone's inherently
pretty good, except for the really bad people. You say that about everyone except for your mom.
And and and you say that in an apologetic way about people who have like really mistreated you
and burned you. I don't understand it. Yeah. Seriously, Samantha Sheldon has not treated you
well. You know, you're right. Glenn, like by your telling has like, you know, withheld money from
you and just burned you, it is slandering you. Yeah, you're right. You're right. You said the
same thing. You're right. I do that a lot. Why? I don't know. I don't want to live in anger and hate
people at times. Everyone's got their quirks. It's forgivable. It's something you didn't do
anything that's unforgivable. I don't think the handler did either. You know, it's ups and it's
good and bad for everything. It's mostly gray area. Not everyone is 100% good 100% bad. It's
a gray area with your mom. Not right now. I'm still really mad at her. Yeah, but I'm sure there is
if I wasn't so angry, blinded by anger. But yeah, I'm sure. Okay. We're at 7 o'clock. Do you want
to take a break or do you want to go? Yeah, I'll see you right here. Good afternoon.
