I mean, I think if, I mean, I know my faults, which are many, and I think that if I were speaking to someone on the record, a journalist, and he wrote about them, I mean, I think it's about being self-aware.
Does he not recognize any of the qualities that were written about him? There are many good qualities written about him in that article, and there are many good qualities written about him in the book as well.
Well, I mean, in the article, there's one of 3,500 words. There's one adjective that is somehow positive. It's fearless. Every other adjective is negative.
I mean, it's a story about how do you think it should have been written?
Well, I just think, I mean, I just think, I guess, especially because of the journal, the New York Times, I mean, I was thinking that there would be more, it would be more neutral and more balanced.
It's a very one-sided, right.
But it's very unbalanced. It's not like, well, this guy obviously has some flaws, but he's also, it's like, I mean, he even wrote, like, he couldn't wait for his father to be dead and use his document to become famous.
I mean, come on, he knows that's not true.
No, and I don't think that's, that's not explicitly said in the article.
Yeah, I mean, you can read it. It's pretty, well, you know, his father died and it's not long, not long after he was ready to become famous along the way using his, his, his document.
That was his plan.
When it wasn't, I mean, he, they didn't even know he didn't think he would fucking survive them.
So, it's like, it's just weird. It's just a weird approach and, um, uh, you know, stigmatization.
That's how it feels.
This guy, this, like...
I wish I could say something to make you feel better. I don't...
I mean, that's, uh, it's just because I also, I get people coming to me, asking me if I'm safe and, you know, with a guy that is, uh, very unwell, borderline crazy.
I mean, do you think he is unwell?
No, I mean, I think he's, uh, he's, uh, he's, uh, very sad, but I don't think he's, uh, the person he, uh, David described, no.
I wouldn't be with him.
Sad.
Anyway.
I'm sorry, I don't think, I mean, I don't think I can help you. I don't, I don't know what to say.
Hmm. I understand.
I appreciate what you're saying and I, I'm sorry you feel that way.
No.
I'm sorry Val feels that way.
Okay.
No, but thank you for talking to me.
Yeah, anytime. Seriously.
Okay. Thank you.
Okay.
Have a good night. Bye.
She's just, she's just.
