Say that again, but say again you you you I sorry I got right this down now because now you lost me
Hold on. Let me get a pen. Oh
There's the band-aids
By the way, that's an old check of mine
Make people feel more comfortable when I say oh
Hold on. Let me just get a pen and piece of paper so I can write this down
So that way you don't think that I'm recording you
All right, what do I say what do I say? I did I actually do have a pen and paper now you said ask him what?
So I initially asked him like why can't you proactively take
Information, okay, why can't you proactively pro is proactive of a hyphen?
Proactively no retain retain information from me
Okay, I'll obtain obtain. Oh not retain
Well, you can retain it. No, you can retain anything
You know a nearly you can retain a lot in a retentive information
Why can't you anyway proactively you figure out how you want to phrase that okay?
We and then if you tap the answers and doesn't give you a direct answer, okay?
ask him if
The information that he could receive from you
Have privileged information which tainted him off a case. Oh
Okay, so any info he received for me could contain may contain
Privileged information
That would take him off the case
Yeah, and then if he doesn't answer there say
Did information that you provided get him in trouble or did he just get himself in trouble on
the rush of stuff
Like
Like
Is it something that it's specific to you where like if you go and you give information to David
Is that obstruction gonna go to David or is that just sticking with Tim?
Because he misbehaved himself and fucked up somewhere along. Oh, no Tim is saying if I give data to him to not to not to
Co but to him it would be obstruction or if he asked asked me
Yeah, and I think that was by trusting me because the next thing everything's on the New York Times
Right, yeah, but David Co is calling me back right now. Hold on. Let me turn on the word
Let me call you right back. Okay
Hello
David, what's up? What happened?
Well, I told you I had a meeting. Okay. I thought you were hanging up already
Now, sorry. Okay. Good. I told you when remember when I first called you I said hey
I gotta go to meeting in five minutes and then 15 minutes later. I said, okay. I gotta go to the meeting
Hey, what did I say? I'm like, dude, I told you I had to go to the meeting. What are you?
Sorry, I missed that five minutes thing. I didn't hear that one. Sorry. I just maybe the phone died
But uh, okay. Sorry. So what do you think?
Um, like I said the stuff with Rick Cohen and Kurt Weldon, I mean
I mean, I'll add the Kurt Weldon stuff in see if that interests anyone. Um, I can get you a dossier
like a
Dossier like I'm sort of a so you understand it
Andrew, I think would be happy to provide one or maybe he's already got one like an outline of the basic gist of the whole story
And the players yeah, and the names and players involved
Okay, I'll do that. Let me write that down. Actually, hold on
Because otherwise I am gonna forget this. Okay, so uh dossier on Weldon and Russian thing
But that's separate from fsb guy in la so it's two
Okay
Did you do you text me the fsb guy's name yet or I have not no
Oh, I'm still writing this down dossier and Weldon
Okay, um
You know what could we use signal from now on or I mean are you that secure with your with your iMessages?
I mean, well, I don't have signal when we can install signal on our work phone. I mean, I just buy a drop phone and use it
But are you worried about people like hacking in and stealing stuff? Yeah, you know, it's pretty
It
I mean if I can do it be someone else will do it to me, you know, so I'm pretty sure people
Uh, just iMessage. I don't know. I mean, it's encrypted end to end. So I don't know why maybe I'm just being
A paranoid, but let me just check my text. So I I'll have it right here
It's better to tell it to you than to text it is what I mean
For that in-lessons signal
Um, we think this woman's number
Um
Are you still in Houston in Houston?
Mm-hmm. Let me see this thing
Oh, here we go. Okay, um
This name is k r b o y a n. That's the family name
Sorry to see that name again
k r b
O y a n
I
Like uh co david co. Okay are like ricochet be like uh bonanza
Oh like orient why like yandex a antelope and neuro
Okay, sounds good. Is that like
Sorry, that's the last name. Yeah, that's a family name. Um the number
Wait, wait, uh, okay number four two four
Three four six four nine zero four. That's one of his main. That's his main number
Three four six four nine zed four
Oh, sorry, wait, wait, sorry, that's that's
Sorry, that's the wrong one. Sorry. It's eight seven zero across that out. That's a different number
Actually, I don't know what the hell is that number? Wait
Yeah, you know what keep that number. That's the second number
Try this. This is the other one. I think this is a fake. Um
This is an internet number though because it has a it's the eight seven zero
eight zero zero eight zero eight zero
Oh, yeah, yeah d o b, uh
January 13th 1983 first name arman a r m a n
Okay, so what is our fsp officer up to? Yes. Why is he in la? And why is he uh,
Why is he so close to me now?
And am I being paranoid
Because this woman she came into my life very strangely I hired a private investigator
And the private investigator, uh, really good guy worked under the police force for a long time
I might have told you this already
30 years on the force and then deputy sheriff and then he was a detective for many of those years and
Um instead of going to politics and becoming a sheriff he went became p. I and he's a very renowned well-known p. I
He's introduced me to her
And said that she's very interested in these little cords. I have these things
I kind of
I don't make them, but I sort of have like a it's like a hobby. You know the omg cords
I can't say I do oh come on. You're a hacker. I thought you're a hacker
omg card code no cord omg
Oh, uh, so a guy named is a really good hacker named mg
Um, you developed a really good demon seed is this sort of company he goes by demon seed
and he uh great really good with encryption actually that's how I got to know him in 2016 I I heard is uh
um
He gave like a lecture on his encryption. They was developing for he's trying to get people into it
But he was pretty good. It was like a signal before signal or around the same time signal. What's going on?
but was he was really good at making these sort of
So what do you call him like a usb killers or usb hacks?
So if someone comes over hey, David, can I can I use your uh charger to charge up my iphone?
And you're like, oh, yeah, here you go and you give him one of the chargers the cords
And he plugs it in and the cord just sort of uh
It does a um, it doesn't acquisition
Immediately of all the data on your phone. Well, not all the data, but the high-value data
Important stuff and the best part about about it is that it's it's a web server
So you can log in to the damn cord and you can deliver payloads. You can do whatever, you know
There's a usb cable that will automatically dump an entire phone. Yeah. Yeah, it's cool, huh?
It's actually well, it's interesting. I
Based on what I
know of most phones
I would say that the claim sounds a little bit excessive. I mean, there's some stuff you can
Well, I'll tell you what come over come over to my house and charge your phone and I'll show you
It's a I know it's a joke. I'm saying I'll show you that I'll show you I'll do it
I'll show you a thing for it, but I have to
I have
Yes, yes, it's called uh because oh mg is the the guy's name and he just put it o in front of it
So it's like, oh my god, you know omg
Yeah, but I have to tweak it because the way it's sort of sold
Honestly, it's there's some like, uh, it's a little like a miss uh miss not miss no
It's a miss uh
It's bad advertising because it sort of alludes to the fact that it will dump the whole fucking thing from the phone
But really when you get it and you're like, what is this you unbox it? It's really the opposite. It's for the computer
So, uh, but I looked it's a little different than a phone. That's what I'm saying
Yeah, I know the claim that you can just plug a phone in and it'll dump everything
But that's where I went there something I really I'm like, I really got a loot which
Is possible
I would I'll be very suspicious if it actually worked. Well, that's what I'm telling you. That's where I come in
And I did my a little tweak on it. So I make it work like it's supposed to work
Look, I thought it was going to work
And it's not as hard as you think because uh one you always do is get by the passcode and remember
These are for max mostly and for iphone's
So the passcode once you can get past that it's easy because you just trick it into thinking it's an iphone
It's not that hard. It's if it thinks if it thinks it's itunes passcode, but sorry
Again, like that's what I mean is like there's there's a lot of other steps that need to happen
Like the passcode is the very first hurdle you have to right get past exactly
Well, you what what idiot is gonna put their passcode in after they plug it into
No, no, no, no
Of course, but no, no what the thing is you nowadays you have to hit trust this computer or trust this phone, right?
right
So if you can already if the if the if you can emulate emulate the itunes software
Okay, which is just itunes and it's already pretty public you can find that that it's you emulate that and so the
Computer believes that you've already accepted this handshake. This handshake has been
Stored in somewhere in a cookie somewhere in there or a token or whatever the fuck it sees they do
It's actually a token
Then it's then it's okay, then you can get bypass the passcode, you know
And what you can get from another payload called lock scream
But somebody developed a while ago is very good
Is you can get the actual passcode so it'll it'll give you the passcode it gets into that little
You know, what's that thing every iphone has it's like a it's like a it's just a little file. I can't remember name
Yeah, I think you're gonna go lock file. So you just basically gets a lock file
Which is why it's called lock scream, you know
And so you incorporate that is payload number one and then the second one you get the credentials with the
You know, what's beautiful is I don't have to write anything. You just copy paste other people's scripts. So
And there's 12 different
Slots and banks for payloads
It's really quite a cool thing
So anyway, I'm trying to I told this to my private investigator
He's like really I said, yeah, he's like, okay value. You know what I got I'll tell you what I'll do
I'm gonna work for you guys and you don't have to pay me. I just want a one painting from Marie
You know, and I want you to hook me up with one of these chords and a phone
Uh, you know, you know the phones that what do you call them the you can I can with blue dirt via bluetooth
Or via the rfi d chip or both I put my phone next to yours and it pulls all the data
What do you call that?
Well, I mean to get that claim is also very
Uh
I've heard and I've seen some stuff, but it's not as simple as like I put my phone next year and it feels everything
Well, you then you are buddy you're you are out of the loop because I have seen those and they are
Available and they do work and funny enough the only the last time I saw it was my friend Sydney
It was getting divorced and her husband had that had that phone and he uh,
He pulled all her data out and it was really quite amazing and that was in 2015
But at that time it took 30 minutes, so he had to leave
His phone on top of hers for 30 minutes
So that was the only problem was getting that to happen for 30 minutes
But nowadays you don't have to have it on top of the other phone. It can be within about one the six half a foot radius
So that's why I suspect rfi d is the new way it's going in not bluetooth
Because you know, that's the only you can bluetooth you can go you know pretty far, but rfi d you've got to be right there, you know
Still it's a lot of there's still a lot of data to pull over um that channel
I mean that handshake you can't handle much. That's why they only send out like a couple numbers
You know, it's like call and response with something and then decrypt it on rfi d
So that's why you can only get the numbers and you can get um the messages are too big
You're not getting the full dump for the phone. Well, you're getting call on the desk or maybe messages or something
Well, no, no, that's the thing at first you're not getting the full dump, but then you can turn on the bluetooth
Okay, and from the bluetooth you'll get the full dump
So the malware will will do will have a two-step basically two prong attack
How does it uh download the malware onto the victim phone from the bluetooth connection
But how does it initiate a bluetooth connection without a handshake?
Well, it's remember how you it's you know how like a vpn won't let you turn off the wi-fi
There's a little trick in in apple that just has that stupid
Some there's the bluetooth the vpn people figured out first. It's a little hack. It's not even a hack. It's just built into the code
um, so if you have a
Every time the user turns it off it goes the root turns it back on
So and you can do that for the for that toggle that button which means you can do it for every other toggle button
Wait, so
How does so there's a signal that sends to the victim phone?
Victim phone
Then accepts this bluetooth connection without validation. No. No. No. No the the signal the signal is sent through rfid chat
or for the rfid frequency
um, and there's a second frequency which is not rfid, but it's like ic or is uh our
There's a third one in there too. That's involved and those two
Uh
Shit, it's it's the credit card. What do credit cards use again?
Yes, nfc. You're right. nfc rfid and fc
So I think it's nfc that does the initial handshake. Sorry
Then rfid and then bluetooth
But at the end of the day it's always bluetooth that pulls the data because that is the fastest way to do it
And the way it tricks the into the authentication
Is that it deoths first everything around it and then reoff on the uh
On the up on the reoff. There's somehow is uh, I don't I'm not sure exactly
I'm like, I'm not a coder, but I can take a look at it and see what it is, but I don't know
Like that's where I can tell you I don't know but it just does it
And I think it has to do with the root if you if you can root it
um, you can
Via bluetooth
Because uh, ios
Yeah, no
Dude you got to get in the field more man. I'm telling you, sydney would never use anything but an iphone
She's one of those people, you know
Um, since whatever whatever iphone's became a status symbol
She's she's one of those in the in the husband is a billionaire. So he has no
He has unlimited access to rnd
Okay, so remember that too. Yeah
I don't anyway, I don't know whatever
The reason I say that is because um
With unlimited access you can hire a team of hackers to do this for you
But he didn't need to do that you can you can buy one you realize that I I do pen testing like I
Whatever it doesn't no, no. I'm not tell me you do pen testing
But whatever it is. Tell me it's not it's not worth like trying to figure out like how this has worked
I'd like to know. No, I like the questions because you're making me think it's good
Usually I just do stuff by instinct and then
Yeah, whatever man, what
What i'm saying is like I think the claim that you're making might be conflated with other data that might also be present
There might be a lot of other things that also have to happen
In order for this thing to work. Well, he's not gonna look. We're not getting we're not getting photos. That's not happening
All right, we're not getting photos and videos. We're getting messages
You get a full full everything on the phone. That's a clone. That's a lot. That's different a lot of information
Sorry, I misspoke. I misspoke. That's a that's a clone like a complete clone the reason why I know that that's not true
Is because just based on data throughput alone
Like you say you have a regular iPhone that's like 64 gigs
You know like 64 gigs with the data just transfer that data alone
Not via either type wirelessly
I mean at best at best you're gonna get like 10 15 megabytes per second
And that's if you're like burning through it and you're like phone to phone
10 to 15 megabytes per second think about that it takes forever to get 64 gigs
So if you thought that someone's just gonna like
Oh
And I'm gonna grab everything that's what I mean. It's like yeah, what if it's the wi-fi that's almost impossible
It must be the wi-fi
No, it's not it would be the wi-fi because if you can turn on the wi-fi and hotspot
Hotspot the phone. Yeah, but like the phone can't
A phone doesn't have the native ability to transfer something wi-fi to wi-fi right like
Think if you have that you have an iPhone right how many ways can you transfer data?
You can airdrop it you can bluetooth it which is the same thing
You can transfer via wi-fi, but it has to have a specific protocol that allows it to transfer that data. So like
Anyway, no, no
But that's what I'm saying. It's like when you make this claim like oh, I have enough to hold on like
No, no, but it verifies if you what you just said was the missing the link
Because it just it verifies what I was telling you before it is
It has to be bluetooth because it is the airdrop the airdrop is the fastest way to do it
It's actually faster than wi-fi close differences
That's gotta be it airdropping something also has a bunch of other security protocols that hey, if someone's cracked it
Maybe they have I mean there's always new things every day that I know I learned about
But it seems
Here's the other thing is we get a lot of these claims and then we go look at it and it's fucking bullshit
And then total bullshit where some
Is just scamming other pretend hackers. I'm not telling you something I heard from somebody. This isn't like a
Gossipy thing. I'm telling you something that I that I've seen and I know
You know, maybe I got scammed. Maybe someone pulled the wool over from my eyes or something
They use some other, you know, it's a good parlor trick. It's possible
But I don't I don't know. I'll just I look into it. I mean I will look at
Here's the other thing too is like
Like I am interested in this stuff and the reason is because you know, we need to keep abreast of like what's the latest hack
What's the latest vulnerability and it's always changing but
You're realistically like this type of information
If from an investigative standpoint is invaluable to us unless someone's using it to do something bad something illegal
Like breaking into someone's phone is already illegal
But you know, it's like if a proof of concept is you're just like a white hacker
You're trying to find vulnerabilities. Yeah, they do it all the time. They publish white papers and
You know, we read them and we go to you know, trainings on them and things like that
But there's nothing illegal about that, right? So it's right while it's interesting. It's not
It's only illegal if you use it
And by the way, I'm just this is a side adage for the main story I was telling you
We just got stuck here because it's fun to talk shop for some for once in a while
But yeah, the main gist is that they wanted they they were interested in developing these things as a mass production kind of thing
so, um, I got called into this meeting and uh
And the lawyer was there. She wants to uh, either fund it. I wasn't quite sure what she wanted
Other than
Um, yeah, why he's a good guy. Okay. Yeah porter p o r t e r
Order that last name. Yes, uh, uh, john. I don't know if it's an h or an n. I think it's I think it's john with an h
But he's a he's a good dude
Yeah, he has he owned a uh, he was sorry. He's the the warden
He was the warden of a of a prison out here
After that for a while too. No, he's an interesting guy. Very clever
He's a former bluthangeles county sheriff's officer
Bakersfield Bakersfield deputy deputy sheriff
And there was a time when there was constables in california. Is that correct? There's a constable
And so back then he used to work in the constables office or something. I'm not exactly sure. I'll ask him. He's coming by today
um
And so he was interested. He knows nothing about technology
So he was very interested in this. He said val if you can actually deliver these things
I know a thousand people that will spend a thousand dollars right now. I'm like, really?
It's like, yeah, and like well, you can buy these online
I mean, if it was that there's that much of an audience for it. I mean, you think there'd be something. I'm like hotcakes in july
But they're not so
Okay, so john porter
Uh, you said john porter somehow introduced you to the lawyer, right the russian armenian lawyer
No, yes, he introduced me to the lawyer. Yes
Okay, and what's what's the lawyer's name?
The lawyer's name is diana
Uh
with a really
I don't I don't know her last name actually. I never asked
But let me see but the because she says here in the text the first message I have from her is diana
The second one is haids val and here's my number blah blah. So it was the introduction
Text and she never put give me her last name, but I will ask
john today for the last name
That's her phone number I guess
Um, again, I'm getting the same bullshit phone number. I'm getting a 310 400 4000
Okay, yeah, it's a fake number
She's somewhat of a prodigy. She was she skipped ahead and she went to college at usc at age 16
And in ninth grade they skipped her up a few classes three grades
And she was uh, she's a prodigy of some sort
Very
She's 31
Uh, that's another interesting thing. She was it was all international
Uh, kind of you know, when you're spying, what do you do? What are those courses called international?
communication is
You know the one every
No, no, I'm not I'm just saying that what I heard from her when we went to the meeting
She told us a bit of her about her life story
And um, it was actually john that brought up the she jumped ahead
She's a prodigy and then she's filled it in by saying that she studied international communication international relations. Thank you
And I'm the one that said, oh, that's what you know
All the ciave guys study first and she could laugh and he was haha
And she's actually I was approached by them and they wrote me a letter and I said, oh, can I see it?
And she did not show me the letter
Um asking me to work for them, but I said my real love was with the fbi. I really wanted to work with the fbi
I said, oh, that's interesting. And she said, yeah, but um, you know, I just went into law
Any because it was easier or something like I don't know. It's a weird story
so
Um, anyway, you asked I told you
That's all I I don't have a last name
But I haven't uh, she's 31 last thing
31 years old went to usc number
310400 4000
Yeah
introduces you to
uh, arm and
Pribolian
Incorrect incorrect asks if I can help um ask if I can help her
um
But I don't can't tell you too much. I don't want to tell you too much here because I don't want to get you in trouble
So I was asked to help on a totally different thing because I believe this guy has some compromising
videos
of her, uh, you know doing uh things that people do
um
And uh, her boy has compromising videos of diana. Yeah
okay
Okay, let's them deleted
Okay
so
her boy in
I forget how to spell the crc
Oh
Her boy has compromising videos of diana, but isn't her boy in being represented by diana or something like that
Well, it's apparently they fuck
Okay
I don't know. I haven't seen it yet, but I think it's them. Maybe there's someone else. I don't know but uh, okay
Yeah, so
But then she wants them to delete it. So she called you
No, no, she's not calling me. She's not calling me. No, I was introduced
For by porter because porter. Yeah, we went to meet him in a park where he was working a different case
He was protecting these this
Uh, a woman and her children in the park
um, some sort of gang thing
So it was a whole thing and then he said, you know what you guys why don't you come and have lunch with me
And my friend and you should really get know her because she's someone you should know, you know
And this is called networking. It's like, oh, thanks john. He's a funny guy
And you know, she's a criminal defense lawyer and she's very interested in these chords that you were telling me about
I said, oh, okay
So marie and I go over there for lunch and she does not cook lunch
But she did give us coffee, but we were there for hours talking
And she was very interested in financing these chords, but I have to deliver a working chord very soon
And uh, then she told me what she wanted from me
I said
Right
Okay, which is to delete these
But uh, of her that kreboyan has videos. Yeah
Okay, and
So kreboyan is
But she and she says he's an fsb officer. She alluded to that
Yes, she did not again. I told you earlier. She did not come out and say fsb officer
How did she
Um, because I asked
Um, when we spoke about because everything she said, um with the 16 phone calls
And i'm looking at everything. Oh, she's just your basic
Criminal defense attorney defending drug dealers, right?
But then the guys said she says that he doesn't use drugs and doesn't doesn't uh, he's not a drug dealer
And then I'm like, well, why would he have 16 phones? I said, oh and I just sort of sometimes I can't really control what I say
Like a Tourette's but I don't have Tourette's and I said, oh fsb
And then everyone sort of laughs and suddenly I was like, who's what's fsb?
Because he's a little too old to understand that they changed kgb to fsb
And then I'm like, oh, uh, and I started then she starts explaining, you know, she fills in my senses and then
Uh, she said something
That made it sort of click
With me that it was fsb
And it was something that she so there's a hacker named ruslan, you know ruslan
How do you spell ruslan are you slan?
Incident no
Oh, man
Yeah, you are you're a bit out there about touch buddy. Sorry, but this guy ruslan
You want me to make up man like every time
I can't know everything in the fun. I'm busting your balls. Relax. I'm busting your balls, man
Like every time you know about omg course, man, I don't know about fucking on
Ah, dude, I'm busting your balls. Relax. Relax. You don't have a partner to bust balls with it's fun
Yes, look, you got this guy ruslan. He's a russian hacker and he's a pretty fucking good by the way
He's one of the best and he uh, I don't know exactly
I'll fan but if I get my computer pull it off. He was working. She was handling his case
and uh
Shit, where's my computer here?
If she was handling his case and she was working out a deal over he was going to hand himself
over to the fbi
And because this is your specialty. So that's what I'm telling you
and at the very last day
Uh, he's supposed to show up to court and turn himself in and get some sort of uh suspended sentence or something
some sort of deal
He got on it was well, we don't she didn't say for sure
It was a plane but he left the country and went to Kiev on that very same day
And everyone went to court and we're waiting for him for a while a long time
When he uh, I think called from a some either a plane or a boat or something
Somehow somehow he got to the Ukraine
Is it his greatest career?
