Hello? Hello? Uh, hello?
No, this is David.
Uh, hello? Oh, let me just turn this off. Hello?
Uh, David, uh, David Ho?
Uh, David Ho, yeah.
Oh, Co, the K, sorry.
Hold on, let me just turn this thing off.
Okay. Hi, how's it going?
Uh, you're Tim's, uh, you're the FBI LA, right?
Right, right.
Okay, cool. Great. Um, so did Tim tell you what was going on?
He just said that, uh, he has some issues.
And, um, we're like, we've done some stuff with other people.
Um, and it sounds like some of the same issues
with, um, child care and things like that.
Yeah. Um, so anyway, I'm going to get a little bit more
information from you and see what we can do to help.
Sure. Sure, absolutely.
Uh, so David, are you, um, are you like an attorney
or with the FBI? What's your, what's your role?
No, I'm an agent just like Tim is.
Oh, a special agent. Okay. Cool.
Are you guys in the same, are you like, is there any difference
or did I, you could tell me DC three?
Uh, I'm sorry, say that one more time.
Are you in DC three?
So he's, he's out in New York and I'm, well, I'm actually
based out of another office, but, uh, I'm working with the FBI LA.
So, um, I'll actually be in LA, um, actually on Tuesday,
Tuesday night and then, um, are you the agent from Houston?
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
So what happened then?
So Tim told me he got a call from you.
I didn't know that you were the agent Houston till just now.
And then you were interviewing him with a third party on the
line and what woman named Sabah Hapta.
I don't know anything about that.
Oh, wow. Okay.
He's talking about something else.
He didn't tell me anything about who's Shabah Hapta.
Should I know what Shabah Hapta is?
Uh, yeah, yeah. She's the evil DCS DCFS woman.
Oh, okay.
So I, I don't know who, so I know, I know there was some DCFS person.
I didn't realize that.
Okay.
So Shabah Hapta is the DCFS agent.
Yeah.
Sabah.
It's a, it's S-A-B-A-H-A.
It's like hate, but with a B, H-A-B-T-E.
Okay. S-A-B-A-H-A-B-T-E.
That's correct. Yeah.
She's with DCFS and she, um, well, look, I'll give you the quick version.
Um, my girlfriend Marie, which, um, uh, jam, you know, jammy, jammy tam?
I can't, can't say I do. Who's jammy tam?
Uh, he's also agent out in New York, SDNY.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
So I, I've heard of the name. I actually have never talked to jammy.
I talked with Tim just once.
Oh, okay. Well, they're both, they're all good people.
And Carmen, you probably, you probably don't know Carmen either.
But, you know, I've been working with them on, they told you what I've been doing, right?
Right. Some stuff in Deutsche Bank?
Yes. There you go.
Deutsche Bank.
Uh-huh.
Just, you know, catching the bad guys basically.
Um, so, and they did a favor for me a while ago where, uh, Marie and her son, uh, Marlowe
are 18 years old. Um, they need to get there.
Well, see, Marie's going through this very contentious divorce.
Um, the ex-husband's not a good guy kind of divorce, you know.
And, uh, and, uh, so she needed to divorce him.
And she, the only way she could was to get off his visa.
Um, and he tried everything he could to not allow that to happen.
But fortunately jammy and Tim and Carmen made it happen.
So she, she got off his visa.
She has her own visa with Marlowe on it.
Um, but, uh, now that divorce proceedings has started, have started, he has escalated
dramatically, dramatically so.
Um, including his escalation, now the short version is he's launched a full on attack
on myself as the boyfriend.
And Marie obviously is the, uh, is the ex-wife.
The kind of guy that would rather see the world burn than lose Marie's attention.
Does that make sense?
You know the types?
Sure.
Okay.
Unfortunately, I know a couple, but.
Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
I do.
It's unfortunate, especially when, uh, especially here in this case, because there's an eight
year old, like he, the sort of person doesn't, uh, put the child first.
His needs first.
And then the child, right? Marlowe.
So I keep saying the child, like he's like, I'm just saying, but it's Marlowe.
He's an eight year old.
So it puts.
I mean, he's Marie's child.
Yeah.
No matter how old he is, he's always going to be Marie's child.
I get you.
Exactly.
I don't know, but I, I come from, and my, my language has gotten colder as I've talked
with lawyers.
Cause now I say the child.
It's, you know, it's very terrible.
But, um, anyway.
So, uh, Marlowe, uh, in, uh, you had, you see his, his, he has a problem.
Um, not only has he gone, the reason he's gone mad is 11 years ago.
He had a spinal aneurysm, which left him paralyzed for about a year.
And Marie was married to him at the time and nursed him back to health.
He was able to walk again, but he did not regain all his functions.
So, uh, his bladder, his stomach, all this stuff.
He has to use a catheter, et cetera, et cetera.
Um, and of course the impotent, and that's one of the poor guys, you know, for 10 years
can't have sex or have a hard on.
So, uh, oh, Marie's here by the Marie.
This is cat.
Mr. Ho.
Co.
David Co.
Okay.
Hello.
Thank you for calling on a Sunday night.
Yeah.
It's okay.
It's okay.
She listens.
Sure.
Sure.
No.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Uh, so, um, 16 years.
Sorry.
16 years, he says.
And, uh, so when she, uh, they've been separated for a while because he would not allow a divorce.
Um, but his brain and like his body has deteriorated, but so is the brain.
I mean, if you can imagine 16 years without any, I guess, sexual release or, uh, friendship.
He hasn't had a girlfriend also in 16 years.
So you can, this is the type of person I'm telling you about.
So you know this type, right?
Not even a girlfriend.
So the obsession with Marie is very, very severe.
And, um, uh, so Marlo and Marie's and I both noticed that is the deterioration has escalated
dramatically.
So, so Marie took it upon herself to not, they've had a, not a shared custody agreement, but
since they're marrying, they've had a, um, verbal agreement where Marie pretty much has
Marlo, I'd say 75 to 80% of the time and Steve sees him on the weekends.
But at this point, Marie decided that she could not trust him alone with Marlo.
So she kept him when COVID started.
She said, I'm going to keep him.
I mean, I've got him for school and we can sit here and we can talk to him.
And cause he changed a little bit around February.
We still don't know why Marlo has.
We don't know what's happened.
So Marie kept him and that escalated things even further for the divorce proceedings.
Right.
So fast forward till very recent, about a month ago, uh, we have, we're not very well liked
in our, um, building area.
We live in the brewery artist lofts.
It's, you know, the brewery is.
Yeah.
I've heard of it, uh, kind of a nice, uh, kind of artsy place.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's, it's a lot.
I know, I know.
Don't worry.
I'm going to explain.
I say we're not well liked here because the building management has been fighting us for
some time because of, of another crazy incident.
Um, but we have to talk.
You see, I don't want to bore David with all the details of that, but it's just a whole
another thing.
So there's a woman here named Patille, uh, S-A-A-J-T-I-A-N and she lives two doors down.
Now she recently moved into that, this flat and we didn't, we never heard of her.
Sorry, but, uh, we thought she was harmless at first.
It's like typical normal art.
Well, she's like a really bad artist.
She makes crystal jewelry just to get to the point.
Like no one wants to buy a crystal jewelry.
Um, but Marlowe, he's eight years old and he's very inquisitive.
He's very talkative.
And he was like, Oh my God, crystal jewelry.
And she, she met him in the park and she talked to him and, um, convinced him to become her
apprentice for crystal jewelry.
And remember this is COVID.
So everyone's living with each other for the last four months.
So everyone's going crazy.
You know, it's, uh, what's the word?
Uh, you know, Jack Nicholson, the shining sort of worldwide.
Yeah.
Cabin fever.
Cabin fever.
Yeah.
Cabin fever in the whole country and probably the world because everyone's living together.
So, uh, we figured, wow.
Okay.
She's, she wants Marlowe to come to her place to do, to make crystal jewelry for two hours
of the day.
And we're like, Oh, that's great idea for us.
We can finally be alone for two hours.
You know.
So, and we, so Serrat, we think she's fairly sane.
And, uh, Marie goes to introduce herself and we talk about a housekeeper.
