[00:00.000]  Goldman: really just pull them out and they speak for themselves.
[00:04.920]  Val: Well, let me give you an example of what I'm concerned about. Like, my father in one email is talking to DBTCA, someone on the board, and says, why are you sending me this? I'm technically a freelance independent contractor. So I should not be getting this. What are you thinking? What are you doing? And the response is, oh, apologies. Let me send it up the chain, et cetera, et cetera. So someone looks at that, and they say, well, Bill Broeksmit is getting these documents illegally. He's a freelance independent. He's making it known that he's a freelance independent contractor at this point.
[00:41.200]  Val: So these people are sending him yet he looks at this work, and he does work on this particular project in an illegal fashion. Why is he doing this? I mean, something like that, it's so silly and stupid, but little things like that can be taken really far out of context. And then someone in your office is like, oh, well, Bill Broeksmit was technically a freelance independent contractor, but a board member at the same time, how can that be possible? Let's look into his relationship with Anshu. Why is Anshu?
[01:08.720]  Val: I mean, it could just go anywhere. I mean, it's limitless how things can be taken out of context. So I think it's a little naive to say that they speak for themselves.
[01:17.840]  Goldman: Right, but when you, look, I haven't seen it, but when you, and I don't know the exact story, but as you just described it to me, my reaction is the board member who sent it to your dad was doing the wrong thing, not your dad.
[01:31.720]  Val: Right, no, I know that's your reaction, but someone else with some other political agenda could spin that any way they want. I mean, I know, I mean, it's a risk that I'm taking, and I get that, and I'm happy to take that risk, but only to a limit, you know, Dan, it just worries me. It really worries me that I'm gonna be the one, like I'm spending all this four years learning finance, getting involved with this ridiculous, crazy political shit, and finance in New York Times to keep my father's name like solid, and then I'd sink it all, and then I'd ruin it all and blow it all up just by handing it over to some people that use it for their own needs because I didn't do my homework, and I didn't, and I didn't vet everybody, and I didn't, and I didn't, and I fucked it up, and I don't wanna be the one that fucks this up. So I wanna, I wanna, do you know what I mean?
[02:19.560]  Goldman: I totally hear that, but let me, let me propose to you something else, you know, is the our president has been unbelievably secretive about his finances, and he is then on the flip side of it, you know, having private one-on-one meetings with Vladimir Putin, he doesn't punish the Saudis after they murder, you know, a green card holder, Jamal Khashoggi, because they give a lot of money, you know, they invest a lot of money in the Trump Organization.
[02:57.080]  Goldman: Like, this is a guy who is really, really doing damage to our nation, and both domestically and abroad, and imagine a scenario where, you know, some of the material that you have can actually sort of provide the seed that we can then use to blow open, you know, everything that he's been hiding. Like, in some respects, you know, you and your father vicariously through you will go down in American history as a hero, and as the person who really broke open an incredibly corrupt president and administration.
[03:50.960]  Goldman: So I recognize your focus on the downside. I choose to focus on the upside, which is from the way you describe this information, and from what David said today, and, you know, it sounds like it can be really helpful to our investigation, and the problem with congressional investigations, which is different than the FBI and the prosecutors, is we, in Congress, you sort of need to have a foundation to continue to investigate.
[04:25.320]  Goldman: And if we are able to get some of these materials, they can really be the building block that we can then expand our investigation. So it could be incredibly helpful to us, even if we ultimately get the documents from another source, you know, which is entirely possible down the road, if we are able to, you know, get documents directly from Deutsche Bank. But it's, you know, it's also possible they might have erased them or destroyed them, you know, who knows, so.
[05:00.440]  Val: I would love if you could get them from Deutsche Bank, man. That'd be great.
[05:04.320]  Goldman: But we need, but it's hard because it's more difficult in some ways in Congress than it is for, you know, the prosecutor. I mean, you should tell the FBI, they should just go give a grand jury subpoena to Deutsche Bank and ask for all these emails. They can do it more easily than we can. So.
[05:23.680]  Val: Yeah, I'm sure they consider that too, but I don't know, they're coming to me. I don't know exactly what they want. But again, I don't think I told you, but Tim Lucy's coming out tomorrow. So I have another meeting with them tomorrow.
[05:37.120]  Val: But look, man, you're a good salesman, Dan. I mean, I know that'd be great. My dad was the hero, of course. I mean, that would be the, you know, exactly what I want as you know. But I mean, honestly, I don't think I have documents that are gonna really destroy Trump directly. I don't have a smoking gun, but I mean, I want to help.
[05:54.240]  Goldman: No, and that's my point is, that's my point is, I know you don't have a smoking gun, but it sounds like your emails provide the seed that we can then build upon. You know, the like initial building block that we can then start to expand and we've got a good foundation and a good basis to be able to dig into this.
[06:20.280]  Val: Sure, yeah, and I totally agree. I'm totally with that. So I think our interests are aligned. I'm right with you. I want to help. I'm also enraged at this crazy fucker Trump. And I want to do what I can. But Dan, you gotta respect what I'm coming from. Is that I just want some involvement here and some oversight on my father's emails. I don't want to be a part of your investigation. I don't have to do anything else, just some oversight in my father's emails.
[06:46.880]  Val: I mean, you don't have to fly me to DC. You can come out here. You know, maybe we can find something over FaceTime where we all just get together and I show you stuff on Skype or something. I mean, there's gotta be some way to do this where we both-
[07:01.240]  Goldman: I can promise you, Val, that we will continue-
[07:05.680]  Val: Compromise.
[07:06.520]  Goldman: To communicate with you. But, you know, we need the documents. I mean, I did a securities fraud investigations for three years. I recently hired another former prosecutor from the Southern District who was the chief of the complex frauds unit in the Southern District. You can vet him if you want. His name is Dan Noble.
[07:34.360]  Val: Yeah, I did. I did. I already looked him up.
[07:37.280]  Goldman: Oh, yeah. We are, you know, we're experienced financial investigators. And so-
[07:44.480]  Val: Yeah, no, David had only-
[07:45.800]  Goldman: Maybe we all may have questions, but I think we will be able to understand this. We just hired a 25 year veteran of the FBI who was the, who took on a very senior position in the financial crimes section of the FBI. You know, we're taking this very seriously and looking into this very seriously.
[08:14.960]  Val: I gotcha. I totally believe you. And I mean, if you're hiring all these people, I'm sure you got something in your budget to throw me over to DC or come out here or catch a flight or even-
[08:26.520]  Goldman: I think it's probably the news-
[08:28.360]  Val: A flash drive. What?
[08:31.080]  Goldman: What's that about a flash drive?
[08:32.080]  Val: Or even a flash drive, you know? Like, it's something. I mean, it's some kind of compromise here to help me trust you guys. I believe what you're doing and I don't doubt you-
[08:43.920]  Goldman: I can send you a flash drive, but that's what-
[08:47.720]  Val: No, I'm sorry. That was, I meant like, when I went to go meet Schiff, I said, hey, can you guys provide the flash drive? I should have given you context for that. But, because it was just weird that you wanted me to give you my own flash drive, which could have had millions of malicious scripts on it. So I was like, let's just keep things like, you know, copacetic in a sense where you give me a-
[09:09.120]  Goldman: We have very sophisticated technology where we run all sorts of tests because we work in a secure classified setting. So I wasn't worried about your malware. We just scrub everything very, very carefully.
[09:26.160]  Val: Okay, good.
[09:27.000]  Goldman: But, no, I mean, the district office is not, that's not what they do.
[09:31.360]  Val: No, but look, why is it a problem just to say, to put me in the room and say, look, here are the emails, Dan, what do you guys need? Let me show you how I set up the database. What's like a first topic you want? Let's do a search. Let me show you some emails. Let me show you what my dad, let me tell you about my father first so you get a sense of him. Let me show you what his tone is like. Here's an email where he's angry. Here's an email where he's, you know, trying to be politically correct. Here's what he means when he says ring fencing with Bill Winters. You know, here's what the context behind the Johnson and Johnson Quest diagnostic trade. Here's what 1.1 billion, this is what this means. Like, let me sit down and inform you guys of these things. I mean-
[10:17.320]  Goldman: Because a lot of that stuff is completely irrelevant to what we're looking at.
[10:19.720]  Val: Well, I mean, I'm just thinking that top of my head. I mean, for the stuff that is, oh, that's what you're trying to tell me. Okay, now it makes sense. So you can't tell me what's relevant to the investigation, which is why you don't want me out there, because then you would have to tell me in order to do the searches. Is that what you're trying to tell me?
[10:37.440]  Goldman: No, I mean, I didn't realize that, I didn't really understand how you envisioned it going. I didn't know you had a database of the searches, but yes, now that you're mentioning that, that is definitely true, that we cannot disclose specifically what we're looking for and what the searches are that we would want to do. So, honestly, like, I'll be honest with you, Val, I would have happily flown you to DC if we didn't get really bad budget news. So we were expecting a 20% increase in our budget, and we got a 3% increase.
[11:13.120]  Goldman: So that has, and I got the message from on high that I need to cut as much as I possibly can. And so, given your trip, which would have been great, was not deemed to be a necessity, and so that's what got cut. And that's why I didn't get back to you. I would be happy to meet with you and have you sort of explain whatever you wanted to explain. And what I would propose is that, you know, you send us the emails, we get them loaded on our system, and we give you a call and try to work it out over the phone.
[11:57.880]  Goldman: Now, we can't do FaceTime because, as I said, we don't have cell phones in our, it's part of the reason sometimes I don't get back to you so quickly is we have to, because it's classified secure space, we have to leave our cell phones called a SCIF. We have to leave our cell phones outside. So there's no FaceTime or anything like that, but we can call you and we can go through the materials with you so that you can give us a little bit of that context to help us. And you gotta just have faith that we're doing a professional investigation.
[12:38.240]  Val: Well, I mean, I do that. I mean, like one thing I was just thinking, oh, why don't you send me some keywords? I'll do the searches for you and then we can go over them together and start like that. But then you can do that because then I'll know what you're searching for is what you're telling me. So then I'm thinking, then I'm thinking, okay, what if I just give it to you, but then I just don't feel comfortable doing that. And then I'm thinking, wait, why did you guys go to meet David, like for, let me just, there's one thing, I mean, I appreciate, I did tell you, I did refer you to David. I did refer you.
[13:11.600]  Goldman: We went to talk to David totally separate from you.
[13:14.560]  Val: Well, I mean, but Dan, come on, it looks like you're, what it looks like from an outside point of view is that you are inquiring about a source from a New York Times reporter. You're inquiring about his source. That's what it looks like from an outside point of view. And you didn't tell me about it. And that was a little weird. And I get it. I was like, okay, they're gonna vet me. They're trying to vet me. And it's my fault, cause I did refer you to David.
Goldman:Val Val Val
[13:37.760]  Val: I did refer you guys.
[13:38.800]  Goldman: I gotta tell you something about it. I gotta tell you, we're not trying to vet you. David Enrich is writing, and probably knows more about Deutsche Bank than anyone else out there. He is, he's a book.
[13:51.880]  Val: Right. How do you think that is? Where do you think that comes from? Where do you think the majority of his sources come from?
[13:59.680]  Goldman: A lot of information beyond your emails.
[14:01.480]  Val: I know, I know, but where do you think the sources that you got that information came from?
[14:07.960]  Goldman: Well, I mean, I assume that there's a lot more to it than your emails.
[14:13.800]  Val: Well, you have to assume that the emails give access and my access gives, my presence gives access to a lot of former executives, a lot of people that are still working there that are under the cloak of fucking anonymity currently. Okay, a lot of that comes from me. David started this, same time I started this. We're kind of in it together. And it ramped up recently when I gave him access to my database and all my contacts, everything I have. And that's when that article started.
[14:44.360]  Val: Well, who do you think is the main source? What do you think he gets most of this stuff? I mean, of course he's got his own, a couple. But I mean, what do you think? And then you guys coming, it just doesn't look good when you're coming to inquire about a source from a New York Times reporter. It just doesn't look good. And I wish you guys would have told me. I mean, I was a little weirded out by it, but David sort of said you guys were legit and you guys were ambitious and you guys were very smart and you were just wanting to get the emails.
[15:11.800]  Val: And there was no other agenda. And I trust this judgment, but I still felt it was a little weird, okay? And I just, I want to help you, Dan, I want to help you, but I just need some oversight into my father's emails. That's all I'm asking just a little bit.
[15:25.360]  Goldman: I don't know what that means, Val.
[15:27.120]  Val: I mean, I want to be there to provide some context. I want to be able to look over his name. Anything that's used, I want to be there to say, okay, this is good and this is not good. If you're like, Val, is this what this means? Yes, this is what this means. Like something like that, something simple.
[15:43.560]  Goldman: I can't, as much as I would love to make that promise to you, I can't, that's not how we operate.
[15:49.520]  Val: I know, I know, but just like the FBI is doing, exceptions are made. I mean, you have an advisor role next to your name at the bottom of your email. You're an advisor. You're also a lawyer. So you have kind of two roles in this thing, right? I mean, just something that I can have some control over my father's name. There must be something, some little bit of compromise here, besides me just blindly sending you everything.
[16:15.280]  Goldman: I mean, the only thing I can offer is, you know, to regularly consult with you. There's absolutely no position. There's no final oversight. You cannot have any insight into what we're doing, to what our product is. It's all like, it just, I don't break the rules. I don't know what the FBI is doing, but that's not how I operate. So, you know, I've really gone to great lengths to talk to you and to, you know, to have a build a relationship with you that frankly, I don't do with any other witnesses.
[16:52.960]  Val: So we can't even really do a trial run either, can we? Like I can't send you a batch of emails and just see on one specific topic and see how that goes. Like I was thinking of that. Why don't we try one topic? I'll send you some emails and see how it goes. Start there. But you can't even do that because I can't know what you're looking for. So what if you make me sign an NDA, make me sign whatever you need me to sign, vet me and then put my name next to it. I'll do whatever you guys want as long as I can have some oversight and there's some compromise.
[17:26.920]  Goldman: But put some, vet you and what? Put your name next to what?
[17:30.840]  Val: I mean, name next to some contract that says Val can't talk about this and Val is, a non-disclosure agreement.
[17:37.960]  Goldman: We can't do that. Our committee rules don't allow for that.
[17:42.360]  Val: Wow, man, this is frustrating. Okay. Well, I don't know, man. I don't know. I'm gonna have to think about it.
[17:51.920]  Goldman: I don't know. Obviously, I would like to collaborate with you as much as we can within our rules. I'd like to work with you, but as you pointed out, I don't wanna go this route, but we can subpoena you and I don't think that is the way this should go. I've been obviously avoiding it for weeks now, but I've done everything you've asked of me. You know, you asked to...
[18:21.960]  Val: You haven't done anything. What do you mean?
[18:24.720]  Goldman: You asked to meet with Congressman Schiff.
[18:26.720]  Val: Again, Dan, I asked to meet with Schiff so I can make sure you were who you were. I don't care about Adam Schiff. I wanted to make sure that you were not some crazy spy or a crazy person on the end of the phone. I wanted to make sure you could do what you could do.
[18:40.080]  Goldman: I don't know what your experiences have been.
[18:41.320]  Val: It's terrible. My experiences have been terrible. I'm telling you, I've been screwed over by so many people. I mean, there's crazy people, spies, lawyers, politicians. You name it. Read the... Ask David about the book. It'll all be in the book. I'm telling you, man, I gotta play it safe. That's why I wanted you to put me in the room with Schiff to make sure you were who you were and you could do what you could do. I can't just blindly hand over a bunch of freaking high, high-value data emails to someone I'd recommended on the phone by Moby. I mean, come on.
[19:17.120]  Goldman: I don't live in this, you know, I mean, maybe I'm naive, but I'm a pretty trusting person and I, you know, I don't know how to relate to you if this is what your concern is that, you know, I don't really, I don't operate that way.
[19:39.760]  Val: I mean, I know, Dan, I believe you, but it's like, show, don't tell. You know, that's the thing. You can say whatever you want. You did, you did.
[19:47.840]  Goldman: I have showed you.
[19:48.680]  Val: You have, absolutely you have.
[19:50.160]  Goldman: If you wanted me to do in order to vet me or whatever it is that you want me to do, I can't fly you to DC because I don't have the budget for it.
[19:57.240]  Val: Then come out here.
[19:58.080]  Goldman: I don't have time for the budget to go to LA to do this. So it's, you know, I've got many different things that go on in the course of a day and I can guarantee you that I have spent exponentially more time talking to you about getting these documents than I have to Deutsche Bank itself or to any other witnesses that, you know.
[20:20.760]  Val: Okay, great. So you spent a lot of time on this. Great. Thank you. I appreciate it. I appreciate it.
[20:26.400]  Goldman: But look, I'm frankly, you know, I'm a little bit at the end of the road here. I don't have anything more to offer you.
[20:36.080]  Val: Okay. You haven't offered me anything. So if you want to subpoena me, okay, well, we'll take it from there. Let's see what happens. I mean, that's a whole 'nother road. And if you're prepared to do that, then you're taking an adversarial role to me. Then you will be taking an adversarial role.
[20:56.120]  Goldman: And as I said to you, I don't want to subpoena you.
[20:59.600]  Val: Okay.
[21:00.720]  Goldman: So what ultimately will happen is, in the way that Congress works, and you need to understand this, the difference in a prosecution and a congressional investigation is that the strength of a congressional investigation is the threat of publicity, or transparency, or exposure. In a grand jury investigation, there are requirements that everything must be kept confidential. That is not the case in a congressional investigation. So you can say to yourself, I don't give a shit about a congressional subpoena. But what could happen if this gets adversarial? And again, Val, I've been spending a lot of time with you on the phone and otherwise to try to avoid it becoming adversarial. I'd like to work with you as much as I possibly can. I'm not trying to go down this road. But everything that you're worried about, about the exposure of your father and yourself, frankly, if you're not complying with a congressional subpoena, would all go out there in the public.
[22:11.080]  Goldman: And I don't think that's what you want. And I don't think that that would be helpful to your case. And I'm not, I really don't want it to be adversarial. But there's nothing more that I can do other than write, I wrote you the letter that you asked for, so that you could see it on official letterhead with Congressman Schiff's signature, sent that to you. At some point, you gotta send the emails. And we will be careful and we'll coordinate with you and we'll make sure that you understand how we view some things. And we're happy for you to pick out some and try to explain your father's tone and the way that he does it. I'm more than happy to go out on the phone with you and go over that so that you can provide us with sort of the personal context of it all.
[23:02.520]  Goldman: But at this point, we don't have a ton of time left in this Congress. We're trying to move ahead and we really need the stuff.
[23:13.280]  Val: Okay, well, look, suddenly I'm reminded of my meetings with John Moscow who promised me the world, that they'd talk to me and give me phone calls and refer to me for all these things and blah, blah, blah. And then at the end of the day, soon as they got what they wanted, I was cut out. And that's what I'm thinking of. And that's just one example. And you wanna talk about Glenn?
[23:35.920]  Goldman: I don't know who John Moscow is.
[23:37.480]  Val: Yeah, you did last time we spoke, John Moscow. BakerHostetler represents Natalia Veselnitskaya and hires Glenn Simpson, Fusion GPS, John Moscow. Used to work with SDNY.
[23:52.720]  Goldman: Well, I mean, there are a lot of people at SDNY. I never worked with John Moscow.
[23:56.720]  Val: Well, you look them up. Anyway, this is where I'm hearing. And look, man, it just feels so adversarial. All I wanted to do was help, you know, and all I wanted to do was have some say in how my father's things were used. That's all I want. And you're saying no.
[24:12.960]  Goldman: I mean, you say that as if it's so to a simple request. Like, you're not a part of our investigation, our committee, you're a witness. You have, actually, you're just really a custodian of emails that are relevant to our investigation. An any good prosecutor or investigator.
[24:32.120]  Val: From your point of view, from your point of view, I'm a custodian of emails. From my point of view, I'm a custodian and curator of my father's name. That's maybe you're not quite getting that still. And how important... Imagine if it was your father, what would you do? You'd do anything you can to protect him, right? I mean, I don't know your relationship with your father, but put yourself in my position.
Goldman: My father died when I was thirteen.
[24:54.260]  Val: Well, I'm sorry to hear that. But I mean, someone that, it's like a father, like figure to you. You do anything to protect them and their name, right? And that's what I'm doing. And I don't know why I'm getting so much guff for trying to do this from you guys. I mean, if you want to, it feels so adversarial, man. Like you want to come at me, I mean, with a subpoena, that's fine, but be prepared.
[25:13.380]  Val: There is, you will, I mean, you don't look good what you're doing right now. It doesn't look good for you. You want to come out with a subpoena, then fine. Then you all of a sudden, you're tagging New York Times for their sources, your promise. I mean, come on, man. It doesn't look good what you're doing. You're taking the son of a esteemed banker and trying to pressure him to giving you all this shit. And without any oversight, without any control over his name, it doesn't look good for you. You want to do that? There's men.
[25:39.300]  Goldman: I will tell you that. I will tell you one thing.
[25:40.980]  Val: What?
[25:41.820]  Goldman: I have never in all of my career had anyone who provided documents with, you know, with the number and the degree of strings that you are trying to attach to it. And I recognize your concern about your father's reputation. And I fully, fully understand that contrary to what you're saying. I resent you saying that we met with David Enrich, you know, for anything related to you.
[26:10.140]  Val: But you talked about me. You did. You asked him about me. You asked him if I was crazy, if we asked him about the FBI. You asked him everything. I mean, you think David's not going to tell me?
[26:19.940]  Goldman: I didn't ask, I didn't ask whether you were crazy or not.
[26:22.660]  Val: Well, I mean, if you said, if you were to find out, like, what's with the FBI? You asked if I was like, well, what is this? What was the word you guys used? I don't know. You were baffled by me or something. You didn't know if I was making up if I wanted a free trip to DC for God's sakes. I mean, come on, man. You asked a reporter about his source. You interrogated him about his source. It doesn't look good. Okay, maybe the rest of the conversation was about Deutsche Bank.
[26:48.420]  Goldman: Before you start accusing me of doing it.
[26:51.420]  Val: I'm not accusing you, man. I'm not accusing you.
[26:54.380]  Goldman: I went to that meeting with David Enrich. I'm totally unrelated to you, okay? Yes, did your name come up? It did because you are proving to be very, very difficult to deal with in obtaining these emails when, and I'm surprised because you reached out to us. I didn't know about these emails, but for the fact that you reached out to us.
[27:15.700]  Val: Right, I get it. I want it, I want-
[27:19.700]  Goldman: And yet now there are all these strings attached and all these-
[27:23.260]  Val: All these strings. I'm asking you to do one simple thing, and that's let me have some oversight.
[27:29.060]  Goldman: You say it's a simple thing, it's not a simple thing.
[27:31.300]  Val: Dan you're a smart guy. You can figure out a way to make it happen, man. You can figure it out. I can figure shit out on my own. You can do the same thing too. There's must be a way to make it happen. It's really simple. I'll just want some oversight. What that looks like, show me what that looks like to you. Something. It's my father, for God's sakes, man.
[27:50.900]  Goldman: All right, Val. You do what you need to do and I'll do what I need to do.
[27:54.020]  Val: Okay.
[27:54.860]  Goldman: Okay. All right, bye.
[27:57.900]  Val: Jesus.
[27:58.740]  Marie: What did he say?
[28:02.180]  Val: He said, okay, you do what you need to do. I do what I need to do. That's a threat.
